+Scott Baker.
They said we might have a new mini moon for a while??? Which they believe is an old booster rocket or some type of debris caught in orbit but not 100% but i think thats mars too".
Can this be taken as a suppository? Like syringe filled shoot in butt?
Geevanna Becker miss you too hope all is well!!!! <3 
You look very happy!!
No but I can feel theres more in the picture than I can see.
Proof Of Life After Death.
what is up Mckeon? hows schwing? i herd JR cant lay off the big mac meals and is looking super sized! lol let me know whats been good ttyl buddy.
nice buzz captain.
Asia wuts realli realli good?
my apologies, Asia?
lol how u been u still working at the mall.
yea yea mu dude.
Congrats Buddy!
Im at stony brook all the time I will drop by soon.
"M.D. wuts realli realli good wit cha?
Somewhat, alot of sitting around waiting for discharge packets.
Every place, its driving me crazy!!!! Lol
nice, did he ask you to tuck him into bed lmao.
They should feldmans rediculous! I had an RN already ask for his name to call with a complaint!
Black and yellow!
life is an expression of the soul.
How is that which you speak of?
Droid!
"You didn't cancel and that's all that counts, see you monday! Unless your in Saratoga, N.Y. And I run into you guys Which I highly doubt. :p
"I'm thankfull to have such a wonderful aunt! :) have a good day
You too Aunt Michele
are you selling them if so how much each???!!?!?!???
i dont have an ebay account is there anyway of meeting up with you on friday? 9/13?
clifton park ny where in MA i'm willing to drive for brand new tix
take me with you....lol Looks like your having a great time! have fun!
Happy birthday!
strip poker?
YES, Game plan!
Lol why couldn't he have done that when I was living there
I have three for 100 each
I was never scheduled for it.... lol i'm probably getting fired monday
Wow. It only rained upstate
Mary Lane thank you! And elvis is still number one.
Michael Buttigieg well I will try again next week, 24 hours yesterday with no calls. Im hoping for a tsunami!
Marine was dead wrong to do that, you can't hit everyone who offends you
Any day now.
I never got the chance to say CONGRATULATIONS!  you guys seem really happy.
Thanks!! I cannot wait till he gets here.
Lol im sure he feels the same, he looks extremely happy
Isn't that funny we all have boys
Good luck lol :p and Craig Denner I could just tell by those pics, it makes me excited to meet my little guy.
Dehydrated?
I dont get how two ppl from my fb who wouldn't know each other would like this post if I never shared it.........trickery is at play.
Woah to think I might have been on a slide or in the ball pen!! Some people......
Woah! Hope everyone is safe!
I saw your other posts, looks like a hurricane hit
Nicole Cook do you think u will be up for it so soon after theo
Little domino???
The nearest dessert is Nevada,  that seems so much more stressful. But good luck on your journey
Sand does not sound yummm, are you ok????? Lol :p
Lol well said Nick Tino
EMS certainly needs a boost!
Very exciting!!!! Take lots of pictures :)
That will be an expensive acquisition, the corona no but the price of limes will be going up significantly due to the decrease of lime imports from Mexico. This is due to Mexican drug cartels diversifying their product exports to limes due to the increased difficulty in exporting drugs to north America. We get 95% of our limes from them so, yea, higher prices fo sho.......
Random yes, informative,  very!
Tell me about it...... at least they leave room so there is a possible come back. :(
The Vein looks blown, when this happens blood accumulates under the surface causing the bruising pattern you see.
You will be fine :)
Kimmortal Love I hope you write a book one day because your literary imagery is amazing!  <3
A pic of it would help me better evaluate.
Im obviously not a doctor buy looks like a Superficial Thrombophlebitis. Look it up but if so just warm compresses and ibuprofen and time.
If it even is thar Its nothing serious you will be fine :)
Like Anthony Ljucovic said, it looks fine and normal for a bruise.
Chanel Victoria you will be fine :)
If only........
Upstate ny doesn't come close.....
Yes we will! We're going to one baby store so we plan on being there by 1:30-45.
Its at Washington park thats by the corner of lark st and Madison ave in albany. Its 11a-6p but theres a few after party's at the hollow bar n grill.
You should go!
Let me know if you do.
r u still in Florida??
Im at stony brook all the time I will drop by soon.
M.D. wuts realli realli good wit cha?
Somewhat, alot of sitting around waiting for discharge packets
Every place, its driving me crazy!!!! Lol
nice, did he ask you to tuck him into bed lmao.
They should feldmans rediculous! I had an RN already ask for his name to call with a complaint!"
Mary Lane thank you! And elvis is still number one.
Isn't that funny we all have boys
Random yes, informative,  very!
Tell me about it...... at least they leave room so there is a possible come back. :(
The Vein looks blown, when this happens blood accumulates under the surface causing the bruising pattern you see.
And im not referring to McDonald's and thier delicious apple pies
Hey grandma,  send me your number I would like to call and see how you and Julius are doing.
Yes I did! And it will be available in 10 days when its done curing :)
I will message you Courtney Carver when it is!
Will you be around on Sunday? ?? Im working a 24 right now?
See you tomorrow!!! :)
Congratulations!!!
beautiful! Congratulations bro!!
Congratulations to the new mommy Kelly Pearson-Hodges! And dad Neil Hodges you will both make amazing parents!  I can't wait to see the three of you in September/October!!!
I'm captivated by the workings of flight EMS!
Congratulations!!!! You all look so happy!!
I saw that too, he's more like an idiot! Lol
I Love Theodore W Baker and Mila Ross Baker.
Bad ass!
Congratulations!!
I used to go there when I was a kid, thats at the end of dunton right?
Thanks thats actually very helpful u didn't even know they did that.
Woah!......tugging at the heart strings here
Cute! I cannot wait :)
Cant wait to meet him!
End of the third 79 64...am I seeing this right lol
ghh I would if I didn't have to work sry
We went and it went great Janelle Shillito thanks!
Thanks Cassie Freemantle its wierd hearing that but I better get use to it.
August 29th is the due date
Work as a paramedic and decided to follow what I love...being an entrepreneur
Oh how I long to be rich......soon
When SLICKLIPS?
Congratulations and be ready for a very long year! 
Scott baker (paramedic) 
Good luck, get back on your feet soon!
Thanks! Glad you liked it :)
Im moving to south Carolina asap!!
FREEDOM. FAMILY. HAPPINESS
FREEDOM. FAMILY. HAPPINESS
FREEDOM. FAMILY. HAPPINESS
FREEDOM. FAMILY. HAPPINESS
Do you still have visions? Very interested in the life aspect of your talent.
Did they actually do this???
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Orl5V1euxNM
http://healthimpactnews.com/2013/dr-kurt-why-i-will-never-choose-to-vaccinate-my-own-son-and-any-future-kids-my-wife-and-i-have/"
I miss the island :(
Happy two months!!!!
Wow two months already
Ouch...tell me about it i need 17 als by Saturday or I fail"
Nice sounds like you should have that! Besides your a hard worker good luck :)
Thanks! I got this!
BEACH BUMP LY
Thanks Amanda Kammer and Ashley Kammerer !!! I am very excited to be a dad.
Tina Domino his due date is around August 20th.
This is hilarious...... I dont how this woman can say that seriously.
Can't beat family time at the beach!
Great perspective and i really like that mark cuban quote, it's very true.
It is probably the safest place to eat.
If a cop does something messed up they should 100 percent be reprimanded but this guy was resisting and why were they there to begin with? A few questions to be answered first before jumping to conclusions
Featuring sir browse a lot.
Over here in Saratoga and its exciting to see someone from here do so well...you guys are amazing keep it up
Some people are just dumb.....really?
These are facts! Lol.
"Scott baker, upstate NY as well. Bake Naturals we make the best all natural lip balm in the world\nbakenaturals.etsy.com
Congratulations. I hope the testing goes well for you as i know it will since you worked hard to get to this point.
......
Happy birthday!!!!!
Your flying!!!
Wow thats awesome.
Im a tough habit to kick i know......but you need to get over me.
Very cute!
Wow he has amazingly blue eyes.
Very true and not many people realize that.
Except diamonds.
Love you.
Congratulations!
Tay i agree with jim you are absolutely one of the strongest people i know!
Keep up the good stuff.
Thats a good looking baby.
B yourself.
Its 41 basic math ppl.
Congratulations.
Yupppppp!
Thanks bro.
Word"Bake Naturals SlickLips all natural lip balm if you want the best lip balm every made only 0.99 cents. LIVE FREE!
I like that! Never thought to do that.
From Schenectady ny it is mucho caliente.
Its never too hot for lip balm, best in the world. Only 0.99 cents at bakenaturals.etsy.com
Wow thats beautiful.
Congratulations annie.
Sick people.
Very nice!
Why what did he say? Lol
This should be good, thanks Amanda Sewell.
Lol thats funny.
Happy belated birthday.
Good, any day now literally.
Congratulations!! You and me both!!! I will around more to annoy you,ha!
I think that term is too light to describe the behavior being exhibited.
Its Lippy Shineeface!
Jim Bake.
Get it!
Floating in the universe.
Idiots come in all shape, sizes and models.
Im really happy for you both, congratulations!!
I like it, this may be very useful at mohawk!
FOR LIFE!
Little man is getting bigger everyday!
Download cyber dust it can never be saved or spied on.....the guy from shark tank owns it.
Thanks Everyone, I love the Feedback!! You are all AWESOME!!
Congratulations.
Absolutely beautiful.
Bake Naturals fo lyfe.
Sneeze!
Get another store!
It was a last minute buy, good to know it works well! Thanks for the review!
Who is teaching this year?
Looks very relaxing! enjoy.
THAT'S RIGHT!
For you my love.
Hey mom, yes we are! And theo is almost here.
=43
Yes sir.
Ain't no one can stop 'MERICA!
God dam commi!
Jim Bake gym time?
A few days Tina Gailor .......any day now.
I make the best all natural lip balm in the world!! =) 
You got this!!!!
Lol thanks bro.
Thank you so much!!!
Ello aunt shelly! Thank you we are too excited right now, we will be there in September and cannot wait for the two little men to meet each other!!! Love You see you soon.
Thanks Kayla Baker we are extremely excited! We were thinking about taking a trip in January to fl so maybe you can meet the little man, im glad u liked the lip balm, love you ttyl =)
Thanks Ashley Lynn we are extremely excited! There will be many photo shoots in his near future so we will keep you updated =) love you!
Thanks Michelle Knatz! We are excited beyond words today!! Im happy you love our lip balm, anytime!
Thank you Lindsay Desbiens! And we appreciate your mystical labor ensuring technique!!
Thank you Catherine Laliberte!!!
Well played sir.
Thanks randall!!! =) hope all is well with you too!
randall its good hearing your voice too =)
Thank you everyone !!!
Wise words.
I do not believe so why??
What episode are you up too?? Thanks Barbara!!!!
I have my wallet on me.
Why would you think its mine?
Maybe I had my brothers wallet on me? Is it brown?
Ooooh that lil guy! Thank You its been a crazy week.
Thanks Laura Lavery!!! Hope everything is well with you!! Tell Lucille I say hi!!!!
Hot tub time machine.
Interesting, I like this post!
Indeed!
wise words.
Sean Baker hows it going bro.
Watch out I think that sun is stalking you =/
thanks aunt Michele Hodges love you! see you soon.
Congrats!
Hi! Hello! Hey!
Thats right!!!!
Lmao Oscar Solarte that is my favorite episode, too funny!! Kayne just doesn't get it.
But it did not pass an they will remain part of the uk.
All Finished!!
He is getting big!
I like that use for drones! Great idea!
That should be the first full scale use of drones if you are looking to get approvals to use elsewhere.
Dont stop believin' hold on to that feelin'    =p
No no no wait, Yes! No
Watch out for those dang turtles, yes turtles! there are these four turtles and one giant rat who live in the sewer over in nyc. Radiation or something turned them into giant crime fighters and Its really annoying when your trying to buy eggplant at the local market to make dinner then all of a sudden these Chinese guys and giant turtles start kung-fooing when your trying to have a quiet night. be safe friend!"
It's tiring but I love it!
Do you have a home?
20 stores in less than 3 months now, I'm on a roll!! Bakenaturals.com
What are you doing tomorrow???
"=) we will!!!
Yummm!
Dirt bags.
It truly goes by too quick.
I got this, found a supplier,boooooooom
Brick Tamland
I heard, that a whale of a tale.
Sorry for your loss =(
I was bored ok!
=p
That looks really good right now!
Lol actually now that I think about it.........=p
Bruegger's bagels are the worst...
College is not a waste of time but they all steal money from kids by charging what they charge. ITS A GIANT SCAM. you can buy the books and learn at home but now employers want to see college which drives even more business for the colleges
No way, wow.
Its all about the Mojo baby, yeah!
Congrats Buddy!
Somewhat, alot of sitting around waiting for discharge packets.
Every place, its driving me crazy!!!! Lol.
nice, did he ask you to tuck him into bed lmao.
They should feldmans rediculous! I had an RN already ask for his name to call with a complaint!
How's that?
You too Aunt Michele.
are you selling them if so how much each???!!?!?!???
i dont have an ebay account is there anyway of meeting up with you on friday? 9/13?
clifton park ny where in MA i'm willing to drive for brand new tix.
take me with you....lol Looks like your having a great time! have fun!
Happy birthday!.
strip poker?
YES, Game plan!
Lol why couldn't he have done that when I was living there.
I have three for 100 each.
Wow. It only rained upstate.
Any day now!
Thanks!! I cannot wait till he gets here.
Lol im sure he feels the same, he looks extremely happy.
Dehydrated?
I dont get how two ppl from my fb who wouldn't know each other would like this post if I never shared it.........trickery is at play.
Woah to think I might have been on a slide or in the ball pen!! Some people......
Woah! Hope everyone is safe!
I saw your other posts, looks like a hurricane hit.
The nearest dessert is Nevada,  that seems so much more stressful. But good luck on your journey.
EMS certainly needs a boost!
Lol well said Nick Tino.
Very exciting!!!! Take lots of pictures :)
That will be an expensive acquisition, the corona no but the price of limes will be going up significantly due to the decrease of lime imports from Mexico. This is due to Mexican drug cartels diversifying their product exports to limes due to the increased difficulty in exporting drugs to north America. We get 95% of our limes from them so, yea, higher prices fo sho.......
Random, yes, informative, very!
Tell me about it...... at least they leave room so there is a possible come back. :(
The Vein looks blown, when this happens blood accumulates under the surface causing the bruising pattern you see.
You will be fine :)
A pic of it would help me better evaluate.
Im obviously not a doctor buy looks like a Superficial Thrombophlebitis. Look it up but if so just warm compresses and ibuprofen and time.
If it even is thar Its nothing serious you will be fine :)
Like Anthony Ljucovic said, it looks fine and normal for a bruise.
If only........
Upstate ny doesn't come close.....
Yes we will! We're going to one baby store so we plan on being there by 1:30-45.
Its at Washington park thats by the corner of lark st and Madison ave in albany. Its 11a-6p but theres a few after party's at the hollow bar n grill.
You should go!
Let me know if you do.
Congratulations!
15th at 9:40 pm
And im not referring to McDonald's and thier delicious apple pies
Hey grandma,  send me your number I would like to call and see how you and Julius are doing.
Good luck!
Yes I did! And it will be available in 10 days when its done curing :)
I will message you Courtney Carver when it is!
Will you be around on Sunday? ?? Im working a 24 right now?
See you tomorrow!!! :)
Congratulations!!!
Beautiful! Congratulations bro!!
Congratulations to the new mommy Kelly Pearson-Hodges! And dad Neil Hodges you will both make amazing parents!  I can't wait to see the three of you in September/October!!!
I'm captivated by the workings of flight EMS!
Congratulations!!!! You all look so happy!!
I saw that too, he's more like an idiot! Lol.
Bad ass!
I used to go there when I was a kid, thats at the end of dunton right?
Thanks thats actually very helpful u didn't even know they did that.
Woah!......tugging at the heart strings here.
Cute! I cannot wait :)
Cant wait to meet him!
End of the third 79 64...am I seeing this right lol
Ughh I would if I didn't have to work sry.
We went and it went great Janelle Shillito thanks!
Thanks Cassie Freemantle its wierd hearing that but I better get use to it.
August 29th is the due date
Work as a paramedic and decided to follow what I love...being an entrepreneur.
Oh how I long to be rich......soon.
Congratulations and be ready for a very long year!
Ihop.
Good luck, get back on your feet soon!
Thanks! Glad you liked it :)
How's it going brother!!
Did they actually do this??
I miss the island :(
Happy two months!!!!
Ouch...tell me about it i need 17 als by Saturday or I fail
Nice sounds like you should have that! Besides your a hard worker good luck :)
Thanks! I got this!
Thanks Amanda Kammer and Ashley Kammerer !!! I am very excited to be a dad.
Tina Domino his due date is around August 20th.
This is hilarious...... I dont how this woman can say that seriously.
Can't beat family time at the beach!
Great perspective and i really like that mark cuban quote, it's very true.
It is probably the safest place to eat.
If a cop does something messed up they should 100 percent be reprimanded but this guy was resisting and why were they there to begin with? A few questions to be answered first before jumping to conclusions.
Over here in Saratoga and its exciting to see someone from here do so well...you guys are amazing keep it up.
Some people are just dumb.....really?
These are facts! Lol.
Congratulations. I hope the testing goes well for you as i know it will since you worked hard to get to this point.
Happy birthday!!!!!
Your flying!!!
Wow thats awesome.
Im a tough habit to kick i know......but you need to get over me .
Very cute!
Wow he has amazingly blue eyes.
Except diamonds.
Tay i agree with jim you are absolutely one of the strongest people i know!
Keep up the good stuff.
Thats a good looking baby.
Its 41 basic math ppl.
Yupppppp
I like that! Never thought to do that.
From Schenectady ny it is mucho caliente.
Its never too hot for lip balm.
Wow thats beautiful.
Congratulations annie.
Very nice!
Why what did he say? Lol.
This should be good, thanks Amanda Sewell.
Lol thats funny.
Happy belated birthday.
YEAHHHH!!####!!!!!!!!!##=.
Good, any day now literally.
Congratulations!! You and me both!!! I will around more to annoy you,ha!
I think that term is too light to describe the behavior being exhibited.
Hey eh!
Floating in the universe.
Idiots come in all shape, sizes and models.
Im really happy for you both, congratulations!!
I like it, this may be very useful at mohawk!
FOR LIFE.
Little man is getting bigger everyday!
Download cyber dust it can never be saved or spied on.....the guy from shark tank owns it.
Thanks Everyone, I love the Feedback!! You are all AWESOME!!
Absolutely beautiful.
Bake Naturals fo lyfe.
Sneeze.
Get another store!
It was a last minute buy, good to know it works well! Thanks for the review!
Who is teaching this year?
Looks very relaxing! enjoy.
THAT'S RIGHT!!!!!!
For you my love.
Hey mom, yes we are! And theo is almost here.
Jim Bake gym time?
Thanks Kayla Baker we are extremely excited! We were thinking about taking a trip in January to fl so maybe you can meet the little man, im glad u liked the lip balm, love you ttyl =).
Thanks Ashley Lynn we are extremely excited! There will be many photo shoots in his near future so we will keep you updated =) love you!
Well played sir.
Thanks randall!!! =) hope all is well with you too!
Wise words.
I do not believe so why??
hat episode are you up too?? Thanks Barbara!!!!
Why would you think its mine?
Maybe I had my brothers wallet on me? Is it brown?
Ooooh that lil guy! Thank You its been a crazy week.
Thanks Laura Lavery!!! Hope everything is well with you!! Tell Lucille I say hi!!!!
Hot tub time machine.
Interesting, I like this post!
Indeed!
Sean Baker hows it going bro.
Watch out I think that sun is stalking you =/.
Insect porn.
thanks aunt Michele Hodges love you! see you soon.
Congrats!
Hi! Hello! Hey!
Thats right!!!!
But it did not pass an they will remain part of the uk.
All Finished!!
He is getting big!!
No no no wait, Yes! No.
Watch out for those dang turtles, yes turtles! there are these four turtles and one giant rat who live in the sewer over in nyc. Radiation or something turned them into giant crime fighters and Its really annoying when your trying to buy eggplant at the local market to make dinner then all of a sudden these Chinese guys and giant turtles start kung-fooing when your trying to have a quiet night. be safe friend!.
Do you have a home?
What are you doing tomorrow???
C.I. via sunrise.
=) we will!!!
Dirt bags.
It truly goes by too quick.
I got this, found a supplier,boooooooom.
I heard, that a whale of a tale.
Sorry for your loss.
I was bored ok!
That looks really good right now.
Lol actually now that I think about it.
College is not a waste of time but they all steal money from kids by charging what they charge. ITS A GIANT SCAM. you can buy the books and learn at home but now employers want to see college which drives even more business for the colleges.
No way, wow.
Its all about the Mojo baby, yeah!
I don't think there is anyone out there that can help this.
Lol it is a highly effective method!
Also on The Venture Bros.
No way!! Congratulations to the both of you!
Word.
Thanks! It's really nice to be home. So much to do and not enough time! Stay safe out there!
Nice family photo!!
Good, we are on the island for a day just catching up with family. We should all do something one of these days
We are giving him his first real bath right now.
We are surely overdue for a reunion!! I will tell you next time we are coming back! Miss you.....the crying has begun! Lol
Lol uh oh!
Victoria Lattanzio for your information he is a BIG stink lol and yes we absolutely need to have a reunion, we should all pick a weekend when we're free.  Maybe 3 weeks from now Ashley Chura, let us know! =) miss you guys!
Looking Happy, Awesome Pic!
He is looking happy!
I am very sorry, that is absolutely one of the saddest events =(
You go girlllllllllllllll
A Liger.
I saw you on 787 you had the lights on.
If only... =)
Feel better!
Lol oops its past the first I guess I have to start here.
That's awesome!
Tupac didTupac did.
Im glad action was taken against the cop.
Already did! Thankd Jamie Johnson. Please vote on November 17th!! I will post the link that day, thanks!! =)
"Very nice! Looks like a car commercial.
Absolutely, our society works too much as it is.
2pac changes.
Jamie Johnson thank you!!
Out to eat with the best company.
Good luck scotty, i wish you the best on your new adventure!
I'm Scott from Albany NY and I own bake naturals. I have developed the BEST all natural lip balm. We are in over 25 stores and growing. Hopefully growing into a distributor for c stores.
With enough money it's possible #poorpersonproblems.
Happy thanksgiving!! Hope you and your family are well!.
You guys are awesome!
One day.
I love it where can I buy one?! They would make great stocking stuffers.
Jfk.
"Do it!!!!! Really cool product, everyone would buy it.
Well your affiliated with HSN so I would say to promote a new product, maybe the fuel free fuel? Or a new investor show?
Nvm just saw the cell phone thing post.
Silly nicole thats just a snowman.
Thank you Tina Domino.
I Love Lamp!
Ask and you shall receive! -The Universe.
I miss that place!! Need to go soon! I've been going since I was 6!.
A win!
Please refer to the message stated above.
Wow, thats quite the letter!
Not saying this is you but...
That is an absolutely beautiful dog what kind ???
Its infuriating that someone could do that to a five year old, I hope they find the dirtbag.
Just listening to a song and had to like page to tell the both of you that...AMAZING.
Sounds Legit, jump on it if the numbers work!
Bake Naturals SNAP OUT OF IT!
At 39$ a gallon now i don't think i would buy it, maybe for my fiance since she always has our son but that's it.
Mmmmmmm steak.
I wish my mother and fiance could have a nice day of pampering. New cloths, shoes, pampering, hair, nails, nice dinner and a night at a nice hotel because they deserve it more than anyone knows.
Neurotic.
Very nice! Merry Christmas!!!!!!! =).
the most amazng couple I know!
Oddly enough I loved the idea of the screen mend. It was so simple and so smart!
Turned my night light off!! =0
wow! great idea, good thinking!!
Up and down NY.
Well im not rich so I don't know both sides but it makes sense, I know I want success more than anything from being socioeconomicly challenged from birth.
To be the first person to guess correctly where you are to get a signed copy of your book =p (obtainable aspirations).
Congrats! That's awesome!
How exciting!!! Congrats!
Push it, push it real gooood.
Thats a great idea!
Confetti birthday cake flavored?
I would feel bad if I didn't!
Just saw you and bobbi brown doing an interview! Very useful advice thanks!!!  Happy new years!
Jake Ronesi thanks! Same to you, it's crazy out there lately!
Do you have a certain process or wax that you use that is different from your competitor? If so you can highlight that fact to grow the publics curiosity and intrigue.
Greetings from New York!!
Love it! Congrats!!
Yourself!
"Great story! It's inspiring to hear that and it motivates me to get into more stores! Thanks for sharing!
Family.
I would love to be a part of this!
Its all about the small steps.
Thats a good idea!
Morning!
Petes dinner!
"Is there another time it airs? I'm out and about!
Stack Displays I spent all day on the help section of the program and Youtube. Youtube has many tutorials! You can do it too!!
Great information! Thanks.
25.
In my opinion, yes! I really like the name!
Land enough deals to get a home!!
I like that idea Connie!
Ziggy I too live upstate NY! How are you liking the snow!
I don't have many college credits but I hope life experience counts! =p.
Sounds like my night so far.... =p
There is on like that in Saratoga springs NY that does very well, Good luck!
Thanks as this group has been extremely helpful.
The blue one.
Woah! Not cool I never received my invite =p
Good morning! Have a happy, healthy day free of chapped lips =p
David Klein there are a lot of other skin care products for dry. Chapped areas but not enough all natural, reasonably priced ones. That's where I come in!
I ABSOLUTELY LOVE THAT IDEA!! Thats a must for my home
One day I will be rich.
I feel a previous idea of a website where we all sell our products/inventions. I believe that with some  other marketing strategies to promote the site will make for a good START!! =)
Health is wealth, congrats!
I would find distributors and offer a discount for a bulk purchase. Talk to convenience store owners, fund raising organizations.
Good night!
Great design!!
Good Morning.
Have you tried hot process, it cuts the cure time to a couple days and I don't notice a difference in quality.
I will be voting! Good luck =)
Great quote!! Have a great day!
I have but it must be dead by now, so the search continues..
I do not, but i'm very interested!! which app do you use?
hmmm I will have to get that on my next phone unless I find this one, Thanks!
Patriots!
looks gooood!
Good Luck!
Holy guacamole =0
"Dr. Shaquille O'neil.
Daymond and Barbara.
I like that, very wise!
Icy Hounds.
It's part of the rollercoaster ride.
If everyone wins no one wins.
#1 is always yourself then comes precious metals!
A keen and creative mind at work!
please save me! please honestly.
shared. Word!
LIVE FREE!! THAT'S WHAT LIFE IS ABSOLUTELY.
You are the women Happy Valentines day!
Yes, happened to me a few years ago.
PayPal for our online sales.
I will be watching!
Wow! Good thing you caught that early.
The green little lock in the corner of the web address just doesn't mean much nowadays.
Its the new retail display box for our spring/summer lip balm which we will be releasing in march. Its just missing the label which we are having printed locally.
Thanks Annabella!!
The good life.
Enthusiasm!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Tina! What happened!!! Feel better!
The bathroom was on fire and Nicole caught a picture.
Those are smoke clouds...
My reason for breathing.
Wow! Look at him go!!
=) love it!!
Congratulations!!!!!!!! Live long and prosper.
Thank you aunt michele!!! It's a keeper.
I have a friend who started a company selling Yurts. They are portable homes without a foundation. They are inexpensive and there's tax benefits from what I'm told. It's a business that certainly caught my attention.
Wow, that's low.
You're Awesome Carah Faye .....just saying! =)
"I find it foreign how people who are not entrepreneur oriented judge and negatively criticize people starting a business.
Haha I really like that idea.
True love.
Get it!!
RIP.
I need somebody, help! Not just anybody, help!
Dammm... guy must be 7.
Happy Birthday DJ.
Gumpy Lumpys.
A month already!! Time flys.
Thank you everyone for liking my page! Since we only got three people to comment LIKE I will be giving all three of you our new SUNprotection 50+!!! Congratulations Deena Branson Rick Schimelpfenig and Lindsay Satmary !!!! Private Message me your address.
ChiChi Griffin The original post was to give the 500th person a free lip balm but no one wants to be 499. So I changed it a few minutes after to give one person who liked the page then commented like would win. But as part of our promotion I can send you one too! All i ask is for your feedback =) pm your address!
Disgusting!
Tammy that is something only color blind people say =p
Upstate NY.
Your farts stink!!
Tupac.
top left corner.
More Money = more time. Time is the intangible asset that slips away everyday. Money isn't everything but growing up with absolutely none was a very stressful way to spend my time.
Hilarious.
Blue?
Good for you! Freedom should be protected in every form and most drug addicts have medically underlying issues that can be curable to deter further drug use.
lol I almost lost my breakfast!
I lost my job a week before my son was due and I was behind on bills too. What I did was went out and turned my hobby into a business and made enough money to get by until I found another job and in the process found what I really want to do in life.
Also my fiance sells her unused cloth on Vinted.
Katie Peluso I really like your Etsy! Very creative designs, I will be purchasing an item tomorrow =)
I've been in that situation too many times answering with uncertainty. Thanks for the advice, this will be beneficial information as I have many upcoming meetings.
Mary Cattapan I've had friends, multiple employees at the stores which we sell and once had one of the business owners ask, it feels like a frequent occurrence unfortunately. I have no problem discussing it with family but anyone else it's just uncomfortable.
Although I've seen people disclose this information publicly , such as on Shark Tank on multiple occasions.
Good point! lately I always focus the conversation when heading down that road on their profit margins.
or just common sense would be nice....
I agree that's a great suggestion by Robert and for the general curious public maybe suggest that manufacturing prices vary so it's hard to say then push the conversation in a diffrent direction.
I'm going to try that the next time I encounter that situation.
absolutely not, The american flag is cradling the child which is symbolic and patriotic.
Thanks for the advice.
SAVAGES.
I WILL KICK YOUR BUTT!!
Punch drunk pineapple.
First comment!
I like that idea.
Borderline Free.
I get off work at 7 and probably going home to eat dinner, maybe go to the gym maybe not, idunno.
I have a goooood bizz idea if your interested =) I already have a prototype!
No one really cares, just do you!
You are pretty awesome.
ha, that's awesome!
Motivational!
Oooooooooooooooo =D
A very good way of looking at things.
I have a cool, unique product that will sell like crazy. 50k for 40%. Its a new business I have not yet went public with.
lmao Flipper!!! hahahaha.
hahaha no way".
You have to go a little crazy to free your mind -SB.
Bronx/NYC it looks like one of the walk across bridges when driving from the city to the island.
Nassau county.
Brooklyn battery tunnel.
Wait,  does it have to be more specific than planet earth??? If not.... =p.
Cool beans! Isnt that the island where that flight crashed and the bodies were LOST, get it?!?!
There is still snow on the ground up here :(
LIVE FREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE.
launching my new product in three weeks, then going for it!
WTF!
Good luck, good things happen when people are put outside of their comfort zone, trust me.
A signed copy of your inspirational book!
Maine lobster tail!
Trader joes.
Bakers Beard.
Barbara Corcoran!! I would love to have her as a mentor!
For some reaon for me gluten free is tastier! i get gluten free egg sandwiches and they feel and taste so much better than regular ones, so yes!
or pug Bowser!!
It has a light Honeysuckle flavor.
I'm going to be staying at my dads Wednesday to Friday. I will drop off one for you =)
PUG LOVE.
One day.
Amazing photos!
Glad to see you're finally letting your natural hair color grow in, looks great!
Scot, Great to hear! Yea let me know or go to our website. We are always stocked up!
Nicole Cook could use them because shes a new mom and could use an awesome pick me up! Also I love her with all my heart =)
Patricia Lynn Burgess PUG LIFEE.
Jacquie Levine I love that! I say lip balm but then people think of lip gloss so I just go with Chapstick, But Lip Pucker Upper is 100x Better :)
I'm in love! :)
CONGRATS!!!!! WE WILL BE ON THE ISLAND WED-SAT IF YOU NEED ANYTHING HMU, SERIOUSLY HMU.
sorry but I don't have to take it because I feel it deep within that this is the life I was meant to live.
"it's a sweet get up they have going on and he was so proud of  his idea! I loved the enthusiasm!
Nicole Cook Push Negative out let Positive in, no matter what it takes.
little prehistoric.
anytime bro, just come on down!
i'm telling you that thing is a beast.
In Montauk selling today!!! Having fun under the sun =)
It's worth the diabetes!
I love that idea! Very witty and unique.
Kimber Gerhardinger I total kicked dino butt today! =)
Nicole Bishop you're a natural! =p.
Wow a total 360.
No he is s Paleolithic amphibious carnivore that made a wonderful stew. We miss you over here!!!!
I just posted this question recently and the consensus from the group was do not disclose! Just assure  them that they will be making more than you and allow for a good profit margin for them, good luck!!!.
Wow 22 months, time flys.
I use Wix to run my website. They have an amazing website builder but besides that there's not too many other features. My sales page get redirected to my Paypal account.
Pam Harper are you referring to the wix store? I do have an order page but I am unable to send an email to the customer with information, I will use the newsletter and customize it with necessary information but it is not an ideal method.
Jeremy Marshall is either bowling or working at USPS, guy doesnt quit!
Scot you are the man! thank you I've been searching for a while with no prevail. Thank You!!
Pam Harper I will look into that as well as that would be equally as easy and beneficial, My life has been made a little easier tonight, Thanks!!
Congrats!! that must be an amazing feeling!
I love shark tank and need to succeed because i cannot live how i am anymore.
"My son is my world.
D and E.
Tim Forrest I have not had a problem ordering through alibaba and it's a great way to procure items. I just ordered over $1000 worth of supplies for my new endeavor so I hope I do not run into any issues with them, I will keep everyone posted!.
Mary Cattapan have you ever had an issue with quality, image pirating or delivery of goods promised? or anything like that?.
 I'm glad it worked so well!
 I like the blue one the most, cool design!
 warm weather is on the way!
 I'm trying to see how long I can get it in the next 25 Years so....... never lol =p
 Almost doesn't look real! Beautiful!
 Relate some of the content to current events or give the person a way to apply the information in a real life situation.
 took my dogs out for potty LIKE A BOSS!
 Kevin once one of us gets elected to the board this is definitely going to  go in every ambulance!! lol
 Megan, you're awesome!
 do we have a fb class of '07 page?
 Just wanting to make sure if I'm joining its actually run by a class member. Thanks for starting leanne!! =)
 Definitely, I will invite some people from our class to this group.
 Very smart product idea. I love the creativity!
 My little love.
 how exciting! what will you be using the store for?
 It's your universe indeed!
 I missed out as well but hopefully there is a next time =)
 great! I look forward to listening, thanks for the info!
 Working, saving lives as a paramedic! but i will try to catch it.
 Good luck Michael Tessone ! Sounds like it will be an exciting new journey. Hope your wifes Health improves. By the way I like your design/logo it is very memorable.
 I really Like this cover!
 Don't leave us in suspense! Spill the jelly beans!
 As Bob said everyone here should be able to speak their minds! It's part of the entrepreneurial experience.
 Wow, thats a big undertaking. I am extremely thrilled to hear such an amazing idea! Sounds like an idea that can make a HUGE difference. Best of luck, keep us updated! =)
 pistachio, ginger (might sound off-putting but I would buy them =)
 Patricia Lynn Burgess Red Velvet does sound very good!
 Patricia you are full of great ideas!
 We get that a lot!
 hey everybody, welcome Nicole the comedian.
 i'm running away and never coming home!!!!
 I didn't want to but i shaved the face.
 SuzAnne Sherill interesting! I would like to try. Thanks for the info =)
 18 seconds in I had to pause because i'm already hooked! Nicole Cook I had to let you know, thanks for sharing!
 "Has he thought about applying his idea to other holidays throughout the year?
 Great compilation, thanks for sharing Scot!
 Thanks everyone! =)
 Good luck!!!
 I liked the follow up to Planet Popcorn. It showed even in business having some empathy can go a long way.
 lmao I saw you left me a comment and Thought to myself...
 Thanks Sammy!!
 Thanks Christian!! =)
 christian how are you still balding without any hair left?
 Thanks Becky!!! =)
 Well thank you Catherine =)
 Thank you Ellen! Hope all is well with you!
 Thanks Kelly!! =) I will be seeing you soon!
 Thanks Sam!!! Hope all is well with you and your family! The little guy is getting so big!
 Thanks brother!
 Thanks you Tommy!! =)
 It is my happy day!! thank you!! Also great product, I love how it's helping the environment, congrats !
 Thanks Ox!! I will do just that =) ! Hope interning is going good!
 Thanks Mike!
 Thank you!!! Hope your having fun on vaca!!! Love you, see you soon!
 Thanks Kayla! (it's Ok you can call me chapstick, I know you want to ;) lol) Ben does!! look what he wrote on my timeline lol.
 I have yet to get baby throw up on me so it's a good day so far lol thanks!
 THERE'S SOMEONE OUTSIDE THE WINDOW!!!! I CAN SMELL THEIR FOOTSTEPS lol
 Thanks Bro Dragonball Z.
 Thanks Ash!!!! =) Hope all is well.
 Thanks Brother!
 no sir, happy birthday to you! Thanks Mike.
 Thanks Tori !!! hope all is well and you're staying away from pools!
 Thanks Suzanne!!! =)
 Thanks Bro! found him in the backyard and decided to keep him! lol Hope all is well!
 Thank You ChiChi !! =)
 Thanks cuzzzzzz!
 Enjoying the warm weather?
 those beaches look b-e-a-utiful!
 I can definitely live with Chapstick!
 A thank you sir!! keep me updated!
 Thanks Annie!! Hows the little one!? how did he like the ice cream!
 Thanks Dylan!
 And A Happy Birthday to you!
 Thanks Craig!! Hope all is well with the family!!!! =)
 Thank you Tina!! I will, you do the same! enjoy that warm weather!
 Thanks Tyler! Also congrats to your big news!
 Thanks Katie!! See you around!
 Thanks Lauren!! ( I have no idea how to get that apostrophe above the E =p ) Hope all is well with you and your family!
 Thanks Irene!!! =) see you soon!
 Thanks Jim!! I will, same to you and Rocky!
 SHARK TANK ON MY BIRTHDAY!!!! I WONDER WHAT WILL BEE AIRING ;) !
 thanks brotha! seee you around china town!
 THANKS LEXY!!!! =)!!!!!!! Scotty doesn't know what?!?!!!! TELL ME NOW!!!!! lol <3
 Thanks Fred!
 Tyrell what the hell is up bro?!?!??? It's been a while hope all is well, thanks again man!
 J-Reese Thanks bro!
 Thank You!!!!! =) how's the little one?? such a cute kid!
 Thanks Danielle!
 Hayy is for horses! =p Thankya aunt Tammy, Love ya!
 oh wow!!! so soon, he's making big moves already! mine is doing good he's just getting his teeth now.
 he will be walking before you know it! =) best of luck!
 Would you sell a mens safety razor shaving kit with a never before done offer on QVC? We launch soon and want to see who would carry our product, thanks much =)
 Thank You Kendra!
 Thanks Laura!!! hope all is well.
 Thanks Chris!!! See you guys around!! =)
 Jazzy fizzle!! Thanks Gurrrllll.
 Thanks Kaitlin!
 Rebecca Hall, Thanks Much!
 Thanks Christina!
 Thanks Angelo!
 Hope it turns out well with Shark Tank! Good luck!
 lol Thanks Joe!
 Thank You Helen!
 Thanks Jeff!
 I really liked the concept behind Bee Thinking.
 Thanks Randall!! Close enough =) Hope all is well, see you around!
 Thanks Kelly.
 Congrats on creating your own future! very inspirational!
 Looks awesome!
 I do not have employees, sorry!
 Certainly will, almost ready to launch! Have a good day!
 Sorry for your loss, I know first hand how some Suffolk county cops can be out of control.
 ome paramedics don't even make that much after working at the same job for years. You know the people who save you and your family in serious medical events after years of continuous education.
 Stacy most areas do pay more now but the agency I'm at just raised past that and metro doesn't pay that much which is unfortunate.
 Go mike!
 I like it!
 DC comics + Sun Staches = awesome.
 Beautiful, I miss the island!
 Sounds exciting!!
 I like your product, that is something I would order for my child when he is old enough! is it entirely natural? Sounds great, let us know when you relaunch =)
 I fully agree =)
 Working like crazy to launch my new project by May 15th! Pugs Addams I will be contacting you to go over the details! talk to you soon.
 After seeing similar businesses I noticed most of their logos were simple and strait forward. This Ties in perfectly.
 I would consider changing the color otherwise I LOVE it, simply amazing!
 Awesome! Congratulations!
 ouchh! feel better!
 my craziness.have you tried to copyright your design? it cost $35 i believe and you can do it all online.
 Mary thanks for taking interest! That is the packaging box above. We will release ALL the information about us may 1st. That will be when we will be accepting pre-orders that will ship upon our launch.
 Great advice, have a good day!
 Ellie Brown I must say that is an awesome sticky tie!
 I'm at work and had to actually laugh out loud at that one!
 I really do want that sticky tie! How do I order it?
 top (pointed) =)
 very impressive!
 Congrats! Looks awesome and must feel even better.
 I will follow the thread as I would like to know as well.
 P.J. I really liked the video, the music and flow of the video kept me hooked till the end.
 absolutely amazing!
 it looks professional, I like it.
 My first thought when I saw it was pianos.
 if I were to do anything differently I would add maybe a very little color just to catch someones attention.
 whatever we make of it.
 It would be nice if exiling was a punishment for this kind of act.
 Dee Nilsen Tim provided expertise and made me a great deal that allowed me to use a few photos for our website. I absolutely love his photography!
 Why is that? are you referring to the Shark Tank Group?
 I see they deleted my post =(
 That is a jerk thing for them to say!
 We went out today and everyone loved them.
 I made a stop at the bank and the teller was so enthralled by  them that I gave her the money bow tie, she loved it and so did everyone else!
 That's unfortunate Ellie, once the episode aired did you notice an increase in business?
 That must be difficult, I'm also a Paramedic and see this a lot.
 But there is so much good research coming out with promising treatments.
 I am a partner.
 Mary Cattapan we actually plan to do just that.
 We want to make one for the ladies too but would require a lot of capital to start.
 We plan to work our way there soon =)
 Yes, 29.95 and every year you claim our free blades.
 Thanks for the kind words Dee. I will keep everyone updated =)
 Thanks Ovais! Yes this method is less expensive, eco-friendly and gives you a better shave.
 We are the first to offer free blades for life. Thanks for the support! =)
 Thanks Mike. We are currently working on another one that will be better quality, stay tuned.
 It also comes with the first years supply of blades by Shark which have been rated as one of the top blades for comfort and closeness.
 Jeffrey Laudano Mike Kent Sr Aron Deiulio Kateri Marie Santos Matt Petitjean Steven Haus Sean Muniz Sean Bell.
 Keith I've noticed dramatically different resolutions from different computers.
 This is something I am looking into, thanks for the feedback.
Are you referring to the white and blue trident?
I designed the image myself with Adobe Illustrator.
Shane Large we applied but we just launched so we will see! How's the little one??
The both of you have a very cute kid!!
Keith Yoder refer to the comment above and if you need I would be happy to help =)
just pm me if so.
Yes the founders were 18 and 19 and delivered telegrams by bicycle.
The year was 1907.
Not to my knowledge but if I find one I will let you know.
Looks delicious!!
I'm absolutely interested.
Thanks for the interest! if you want to order one use code EMT15 at checkout for 15% off.
Well you wont have to worry about every buying replacement blades again.
Tyler Johnson what  I am finding is leads are the pain in the ass to get
Scot, thanks for leaving feedback.
I have gotten similar feedback and I might look into a different marketing strategy.
Those are great ideas and I plan on going the fb route to advertise.
that has always been a big motivation of mine to help out people in the community who need it, that is one of the reasons I started out as a paramedic.
Lol reminds me of the south park episode a few years back
Daniel Crego
D-rocc and A-glo doin Schenectady wright.
Enjoy =)
The doctor is in.
Lmao your funny!
I need to work on giving my family a better life.
Congratulations!
Just got a call from #Sharktank maybe I will get a chance to pitch my product to you soon!
Thinking of you guys and your beautiful baby.
Great insight.
Sorry for your loss, I see patients like this and their family's daily and I see how hard it can be.
Wow! Being a true role model and inspiration.
Wow! Good to see there are nice people out there.
It's hard in this economy and Marcus obviously deserves his success. Thanks.
What a view.
Richard Branson,  daymond John and Marcus.
It comes naturally and feels right, viva la freedom.
My thoughts exactly Mike Monaco.
Absolutely positively.
The president to Dr.oz, you are one busy lady!
And a good person from what I see collectively of your actions and comments that is. =).
Obviously she doesn't know American history and it's unfortunate that there are racist people out there still such as her..
There are a lot of good oils, creams and lotions.
Just as a suggestion whatever you choose stay away from anything with fragrance.
I personally use my own lip balm for facial issues.
People have sworn it has cured cold sores and other dermatological issues.
However I use Eucerin for my body and love it, it works so well and always has.
I am biased to some ingredients they use but it certainly works. Hope this info helps! =)
I like the acoustic sound! very nice version.
I would love to try if it's actually real!
First off the world isn't turning into crap it is better now justice wise as it has ever been in history.
Secondly wouldn't putting cinder blocks around his neck make you just as bad as him?
Cannot say I disagree with that as a fitting punishment for such a cruel act against a pet.
I do not believe so.
I can see it working for hotels possibly or certain commercial applications.
I just don't see that working for residential space and people with children.
Knowing I make the best lip balm in the world, no doubt about it.
"It is, Especially during EMS week.
The agency which I am affiliated with asked me to Coordinate gifts for my co-workers and I will be ordering many more soon for  the occasion.
Ha, I love it as well and during this week i will probably be wearing it everywhere!
I will have to send you a picture of the majority of my agency wearing this Sticky Tie, stay tuned! =)
first world problems =)
I'm so happy to see him awake and looking good!
You have a cute kid and good luck with everything brother.
 If you ever need anything like lip balm let me know! =P
anytime but seriously i am happy to see he's doing well and if you need anything at all please don't hesitate to ask.
I have a lot of baby stuff, just ask =)
looking forward to it!
I am so excited for the both of you and you two look so happy together!
Lol sorry but you all look like you're doing the zombie two step.
I love how active you are with your audience, thanks for being an inspiration!
Hey the relay for life? Is that the name of the event we talked about?
is it something I can bring my wife and kid to?
Did you have to change your thought process to become successful?
Send me more info so I can participate, thanks =)
The only place for true egg sandwiches.
Congratulations Neil!! You deserve it after all your hard work, see you around!!
Dirtbag!
I feel sick.... how is it possible people like this exist.
Why? Is there even words to describe the evilness?
poor baby.
Scum!
Did you say shoot meow?
Meow.
yes it is =)
it's on now!
check it out.
I will be getting some more and will bring you some when I come down soon! =)
I hope all goes well!
Tina, your unstopable!! Feel better soon!
Congratulations first class!
Miss you Tina!
You should come to work at Fulton county so i can bother you!
Lol =p see you around I'm sure!
Doing it right mama!
still police are not the law they enforce it and shouldn't let emotions dictate the law.
I've been working with PD for 6 years now and know its a dangerous job and they deserve a lot of respect but getting flipped off doesn't justify actions of violence.
I agree that jerk defiantly bated a cop and I hate to see more bad press for PD because they have a hard job.
I have a lot of family in the field.
But this just makes this scumbag seem like the victim because the cop lost his cool.
That stinks that there are business people out there like that.
Black baby.
Are you breathing underwater?
So if the guy with the deer horns was white and the guy holding the gun was black would it still be racist?
These are friends hanging out, Get real people.
There are asshole cops out there but there's just as many good ones too.
Finally got the car you wanted! Very nice.
Elana Rose.
sorry but creepy.
I was tempted too many times and this one was too good to pass up.
sorry, but still hilarious! =)
Anytime! I really like your product.
I will pick one up for my son for next summer.
I can see us using this at the beach.
Lol that's too funny. Wait, is it almost 9? Well goodnight! =p
Have you thought about catering weddings and events?
Where I live there is a company named Stewart's that is almost like a 711.
They started with ice cream and now have over 300 locations.
Wow, making bounds and leaps, Congrats!
Hello, I am actually new and going through the process.
First off I did a lot of research and drafted a provisional patent on my own which I do not recommend because if your too broad or specific it could be detrimental later on.
First, I would recommend filing a provisional patent by contacting a Patent lawyer to do it right.
It can cost around 1300$ to do this as compared to 5000+ for a full patent.
first contact patent lawyer.
you do not need a prototype yet, you will need technical drawings.
first so you should work on protecting what is yours, your idea!
 if not you will find yourself having to get too many NDAs and they are really not entirely efficient.
 As far as finding help with your prototype I am still working on this and have learned along the way.
 I hope this helps and I am not a professional  in this field just giving you my own opinion and sharing my experience, good luck! =)
lol ahhhhhh it's madness!
Thank you Kathleen Alexander, and to yours as well! =)
Mine!
I miss them days.
Really? What time!
Good for you bro.
The pro.
Mr. Garrison I mean Janet is so brave!
E.
"How is everything? We need to hang out!
<3
You're not.
Kayla, I'm so sorry.
I can't image how you must feel.
I remember us talking about our brothers while driving back to the station.
This must feel like a dream and the fear of this happening must of gave you nightmares.
Your brother is in a better place now, stay strong and if you need ANYTHING let me know and I will be there.
You're in my thoughts and prayers.
If you like bees you should check out our lip balm.
Get into new stores and develop my prototype.
Screen mrnd.
Bloomington Minnesota mall of America?
Camera magic.
We honestly make the best all natural lip balm available.
We are in 70 stores and growing.
Unfortunately we don't make much.
we retail each one for 0.99 cents.
Have you seen company's who offer low prices grow to million dollar companies?
He said 50 in a previous comment.
"Can you spare some this way too? =p
Unfortunately he resigned.
I just want a home right now.
I cannot take living among people anymore.....I'm.so sick of this kind of thing.
Scot thanks for checking up, honestly horrible lol.
But in the process of that we came up with a design patent.
So did I make a mistake? Yea, but it made me realize I have a good thing going with the biz I have now.
Absolutely! I've actually been doing business with two of their stores for eight months now.
simply asked in their opinion how they like my product.
pointed out it's been selling well and indicated my intention to have my product in all their stores.
They gave me the go ahead but I have to deliver and restock each store.
I also became very intrigued by what P.j. has been doing, 10,000 emails is insane.
I asked how he did it and he told me a  lot of time on Google.
Right now I'm making a list of potential customers.
by town/hamet/city in each county of each state.
Btw the shaving biz wasn't a total bust.
I now never have to buy shaving supplies for the rest of my life!
Thanks Scot, I don't have a good foundation so that's where I will start.
Good job changing how life should be.
Your setting the standards sir, cheers!
Words of wisdom.
Bayview bay?
Perfection! It looks so new too. =)
Looks delicious!
Johnny Malecki.
To talk well make sure your lips are hydrated with bake naturals all natural lip balm!
Patent pending.
I miss the island!
Beautiful!
Its nice to hear EMS responded for once!
Did you make that up?  Really, did you?
I need to know because that is fucking nice.
You got your answer!
Yea!!!
Should be a national holiday.
Should be a national holiday.
Haha susan I would be lying if I said I've never done that!
The pug life is a thug life fo life.
How goes it brother.
Hooyah!
Didn't grow up with parents....
I cannot wait!
F you Sharpton, it's a tragedy but how will you exploit and make money off this?
Everyone, you know that yes we should be paid more because EMS takes up so much of our life but unfortunately it is not a career unless you can get benefits and a decent salary with a municipality.
We will get there once we take on more responsibility such as requiring an associate's degree.
community paramedicine and such tasks to enhance our job description.
We are still a new profession and still need to grow.
Bullshit nothing was broken.
What about lip balm, I'm sure that's fine right? Lol =p
Wow, how far back?
How bad ass is that!! I've wanted one for a while now.
Must be in regards to your lottery winnings.
Venice beach!
Too cute!
Its an amazing feeling being a father, have a great day!
It's weird hearing you say that lol thanks dad.
Thanks brother, same to you!
Thanks nikki bish! =)
So sick of his world and all the dirtbags.
Happy fathers day brother!
The place looks beautiful!
Theo is thinking DOGGGGGGGG!
Let's pay ems workers more.
I've done CPR on more people then I can count and I make 11$
it's ridiculous.
Let's just start giving people who don't want to try a paycheck, why not.
Hey abc I feel your news reporting is garbage.
Are you serious? So what, they got him food so he would talk.
You are all driving racism and spreading propaganda.
I love how you feel this is news, it's a third party source, Way to go ABC.
Will an RT be riding?
You cant believe everything out there.
Racist.
Cool product, congrats!
You are awesome Tay!!
I spent 20 on fiverr and they charged us their fee of $1.
It's not a brick and mortar but subscription services use them a lot.
but is it really?
You've been shot twice doing ems?
I find that hard to believe and where were the cops?
Instead of confirming with a strip we put one threw the heart to make sure they won't come back as a zombie.
Jon Graff I have not thought about it's other uses, I see how it could be useful.
Thanks for sharing your Amazing story.
Mr. McCullough, very rude brother, we are all ems here.
Should have responded.
Nope, I believe you should find a less shitty employer.
Looks like fun!!!! =)
Are you kidding???
What is your problem, your media station sucks.
Way to spark a race feud, you are what is wrong with America.
Wow have not seen that guy in a long time.
Lol too funny!
Where are you from? There are ems jobs in Kuwait.
Omg no way! Is he going to die?
Who cares this is not news!
Glad to see he's doing well.
those allergies can be severe and it's always good to have an extra epipen in case.
I see the spot for wording, must be a budget issue or perhaps an embarrassing name? =p
Soap on a rope and a get well soon card.
Like shark tank makes deals what if you had a team go around the world and bring in international business for your company.
There will be challenges.
to summarize a mix of Americas next top model and Shark Tank.
Cool beans! Good eye.
He is just helping her stretch, it's very hard to stretch from that position alone.
Working!
I hope there is a place after death for the horrific scum of the earth.
Same to you!! Have fun brother!
Just awesome!
Brett Matthew Nangle.
Ha, wish I would have read this earlier today.
And occasionally rapes too.
Happy fourth bro!
Hype.
The threat of a spark is from your idiotic reporting standards, every job has stupid signs.
Hey maybe you guys can do a report on how the color orange offends me.
I like how you write and use your own quotes, well said!
honestly, does luck have a lot to play into a business.
DId LL find you, you find him or was it luck and timing?
How long will you be there for?
I like it but I think of a shoe company when I see itt.
I like this the most, i see its not a shoe company and gets me intrigued while looking modern.
Thats why i stay busy with my family.
We manufacture the best all natural lip balm in the universe.
Very cute little guy!
My cuz from the deep south, hows it going bro?
Business has been slow but we are talking with a few chain stores that might put us on the map.
Families good, my son is growing like crazy! Are you in Pensacola still?
Upstate New York has Stewart's........no 7-11!
Could he have been bitten by a bug while sleeping?
What a scumbag.
How long did it take you from starting your business to when LL discovered you?
Wow, you're in Toys R Us! That's awesome congrats!
Family before all else.
if it's that bad of a catastrophe then medical personnel cannot be properly utilized anyway.
Thanks Tim! That's extremely helpful.
Happiness for me is  a home I can call my own by the water with my family, I need to save my family.
I need my business to work and it will!
I don't need to I know this is the only way of life that has made me happy.
I have the BEST product that has no outside influence, a recipe all our own and it is the best available but now we need to market and find distribution. I will do this to save my family, I WILL.
Wow six months already!
Do they still need music?
Time to think out of the box.
Well everyone wants to be a hero without assessing the situation.
You girls are awesome!
Prepare for no sleep and being underpaid.
But your alive =) feel better!
Looks delicious!! I'm at work and want them now!
It would be great if they utilized solar power as a business, what do you think?
Yea but people who want it know it.
every company needs employees too.
Looking good! See you there!
And you have, congratulations.
I hope someday I will reach financial stability with my business.
All smiles, love it! =)
"Thank you everyone for the kind praise.
It is much appreciated and I cannot wait until I can post a picture of my Paramedic card.
That's funny, hahaha great name.
Hope all is well, good luck bud.
Congrats, Get 'em"
It's absolutely you lol
Good luck!
Pos.
Thanks Stefanie!
Yummy!
Happy Birthday you crazy Dough-NUT!
Great! thank you, we appreciate it!
We will be there!
What's your Fucking end goal?
I disassociate from the whole situation and know what must be done and do it.
Yum thanks for the imagery lol.....=(
Ok but I bet you didn't wake up that way because you made 11 Fucking dollars an hour!
Congrats Danielle!
I knew you would pass all cool, calm and collective the whole time!
good luck on the testing.
Would of asked permission to pic but he is sleeping on a chair made bed.
It's her life, her choice and It's not mine to make.
Looking good!
We have to come with next time =)
I miss my home town on the south shore of LI.
Looks beautiful, enjoy ! =)
What a bunch of dirt bags.
My mommy tells me I'm special. Does your mommy make you special too?
I want to know there is a connection with not being perfect, making mistakes, and still becoming the powerful person you are today to relate to and feel like anyone can do it.
Frank if you want one all you need to do is ask lol
If you have a gun raised plan on being killed.
Agree 100% .....it should already be an option for some.
Merica.
Adenosine then electricity !
If only I could.
Maybe you can loan me 50k so I can live in a home?
Wtf lol?
The great pay....not!
Mickey mouse.
I actually own a company that makes natural lip balm.
I love the way cats taste.
Allow me to finish your sentence. Cats are the best when in a stew, I too agree.
lol no naps!
Best egg sandwiches around!
I know my egg sandwiches and they are highly recommended.
I would say stay on scene.
yea, no....
now that's just bierd.
Happy Belated!!! Hope you had a great birthday!
To find, capture, and drink the cool-aid guy.
Yea because rural pays about minimum wage, disgraceful ownership.
I miss those long island beaches I grew up around..... it's too expensive to move back.
Keep up your success!
How old is he?
wow.....no words for this.
saying go and kill cops makes you part of the problem.
60,000.
"Ok I agree with that, there are horrible cops out there .... but I know a lot of them which are actually good people.
I say yes, but if you take a quick training class.
 If you push too much you can cause withdrawal which may cause violent behavior and seizures.
Survival guide until payday.
Someone's getting fired.
Invest in real estate and live moderately but free.
I work for Fulton county ambulance in Gloversville NY.
Quite the catch!
No wayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy.
If your from NY fold and eat.
clean is boring =)
Can this be taken as a suppository? Like syringe filled shoot in butt?
Geevanna Becker miss you too hope all is well!!!! <3
Luigi Monaco is it your birthday though?....... Lol
I loved going to the one on 112 as a kid.
You are awesome, I own bake Naturals can we send you lip balm for free? Honestly the best all natural formula in the world"
Carah Faye Charnow read above, we would love to send you some.
Cute! Hello from New york.
My love!
Finally, lol =p
You sure do, grew up on li and cannot live there because being a paramedic doesn't pay enough......it's unfortunate
We would love too!
From there people wanted more and more and we turned it into a business.
 Our goal is to be the best, all natural, and lowest priced so everyone can afford it.
This is our way of saying thanks.
 We had our son listen to your music before he was born and came out extremely intelligent because your music is amazing! Pm me where to send it =) =
 My partner is going to be extremely excited to make a batch of balm for you.
Grant was your biggest mistake a story that starts with once upon an intoxicated evening.
It went well, we couldnt stay since we were very busy and had the baby but we got some positive feedback on it =)
Cool Beans Congrats!
echo, echo, eco.
lol Have fun =)
a lot of these stories are hoaxes but OMG I read the article and it is totally ridiculous, yikes!
It should be drunk chicks go around trying to reno a unit and they get in trouble along the way.
wasting time is overwhelming.
staying busy.
Every time I see them on FB i'm starving and now this! I want some now!
I dont know why it stinks in here, she farted.
I know this is random but we've created the best lip balm available.
we would love to send you a sample.
This could be bigger than burts bees and they sold for almost one billion to Clorox.
Taking action and keep pushing forward.
separate, how many times have you seen people who want to just be fire guys and have to get their medic to get hired. it should be separate as they are two very different fields
Great for her but there comes a time when driving ability, lifting, and other related abilities become too much.
lol I live upstate and they call the lake shore the beach.
They are only fooling themselves!
My boots are wet and my nipples are sore.
She just needs it in the butt.
"When your stressed grab a Bake Balm and relax knowing your lips are as soft as a baby's butt =p
Scene safety.
Lol I guess it runs in the family! =p
The best lip balm in the fucking world.
I will send you free all natural lip balm forever every month if you give me your feedback in a short recording!
Your wife will appreciate it!
Exactly! You did not assume care of the patient until you render care or put them on your stretcher.
Awesome to see!
No, it like saying guns shoot people while not blaming the actual person for their actions.
Get a huge fucking account.
Missing half my face from birth.
all i want to do is open a deli but everyone vomits when they see muh face!
Good luck! You got it.
This is a consistent thought in many ems agencies
Looking happy! Have fun guys!
I would. Fuck that nurse up.
Sometimes it takes 10 years to become an overnight sensation.
I would get out and squirt normal saline at they face and yell ambulance life bitches.
You ask yourself why are they leaving and if you don't figure out its because you offer shitty or no benefits
Shout out to bake naturals.
Yea I look like i'm Creeping but I sold a lot of lip balm.
Who needs us ems providers anyway. We barley get a livable wage as it is.
Wtf..... I must of pocket posted?? lol
Yea go for a run its great for your health to be active.
You get to do it all over again soon!
History, allergies, all meds? Inferior MI. O2, ASA, nitro (see if relief since he may have history of angina) call a doc and transport to cath lab
It's nice to be back.
Im here to take my test I want to but I have no time at all =( \nWe will be back in a week or two, miss you!
Thanks I hope I pass!! I find out soon, thanks!
Too late for me =) next time!!
Since you know the terminology, BEC, I will consider what you're saying lol what's the name of the place?
It will be cold by the time I get to Rock City Falls.
If i'm ever in the area.
Wtf, well we know people are crazy.
She's an amazing women.
I Love Theo and Mila with all my heart, daddy loves you both so much! so, so much.
Daniela, I have friends there but i've yet to take the trip across the sound to Stamford.
If you're ever in the area you should try Wunderbar Deli.
Glad your ok =)
Sorry I no longer associate with EMT's.
Thanks man!! I heard you might be around this winter, let me know!
J-E-L-L-O it's alive!
Thanks uncle Jim.
Your next girl!!!! Get 'em.
Hey pm me I will send some balm your way.
Thanks Mrs. Domino its been a long, hard, and expensive road coming.
Thank you Eileen.
Thanks cuz! I'm extremely relieved and happy!! Have fun.
Thanks!! I can finally relax!
Thanks!! now I have to go save a life.
OUT!!!
go to Whatscrackinli Its a page I made a few days ago to rally support on how long island has the best bagels, egg sandwiches, and pizza!! go on and like!
"Right on!! We already have to deal with this in the field but not here.
I like it but I dont think the person who calls because they cannot breath will care what's written on the ambulance.
I love being a father! Enjoy the day!
This is one of a few pages i actually do like on FB.
Jaw dropped.
markzuckerberg what if you were born in an era without technology?  Would you still be able to afford the trip?
"My company is just about out of business because of the lying, stealing And poor management of the higher ups.
Can I borrow a few bucks, for real, please?
And...........it's gone, it's all gone. :(
I have attributes and ideas worthy of creating immense change but a limited bank account, help a brotha out?
Ugh if I had just some of your wealth I could change so much and help so many! I wish I could have some financial freedom....it took me 6 years to make 16hr and I took this job to help people but I cannot even help people close to me. Rant over lol keep up the good work!
You should check out the BAPS SHRI SWAMINARAYAN MANDIR in CHINO HILLS CALIFORNIA. Have you been? It's amazingly beautiful.
Thanks!! And congratulations to you too on the addition to the family!
Thanks bro!! I've been slacking, none of my friends should have crispy lips
"Do you ever get overwhelmed, not with the work but the expectations?
Wow he's really grown!
Lol yupp
Agreed, potatoes are awesome.
I would probably have a heart attack =p
sorry but no lol
Idunno I just don't think it fully fits with your amazing brand! sry =( just being honest!
Personally I believe America was founded to be a place everyone can live in peace and live free.
First off if you have seen the show when I refer to illegal aliens I am speaking about the Espheni not actual migrants.
Just some Alien pun humor =p lol
Awesome! Making positive changes.
Having a kid is an amazing feeling.
Lol my car broke down today, dayum =(
The high school feeling at some stations/services
Really #4? That's scary if your upset over that one.
We barely use them now with our new spinal protocol update in NY.
We have a criteria to follow before using.
Fingers crossed Kat, I know we don't talk much but if you need anything let me know, seriously.
Not by me upstate NY.
Happy Thanksgiving!! Say hi to everyone for me!
Happy thanksgiving!
Wow what a good idea.
Rest easy Tupac.
Im a paramedic and I respect everyone on scene regardless of certification, you respect me I respect you easy as that.
I hear they pay well.
That's a cool product!
Happy Actual Day of Birth, commonly phrased as Happy Birthday! Being a dad is awesome!
Sorry for your loss.
If I take my uniform off to take a picture I will be naked, is that ok?
I mean I do look good naked but it's too cold out
Please complete the butt hurt report where it will be reviewed, laughed at, and then they will loose it and say it never happened.
What if you have multiple personalities? Celebrating must take a while.
Quality indeed, we only use verified natural ingredients and list every one we use.
Thank you for the kind words! =)
Congratulations to the new happy family!
Looks official, have fun!
Where was my invitation? I should have been there.
With that logic you shouldn't have a partner because  no one would want to work with you.
I actually moved away from LI but noticed there is no breakfast like a LI breakfast so I created the page Whatscrackinli Like this page if you love LI breakfast/ pastry's/ pizza
blasphemy!
Happy Hanukkah!
hey man.
Dad says Happy birthday too!
also Hanukkah was on your birthday too, wierd!
ballstonb lake amb.
well John I feel like everyday is the same and i'm just going in endless circles!!
yea but it doesn't have to be, we need to turn the wheel in a new direction.
Thank you Victoria Bonanni you might know we don't make much but the work is rewarding.
they are big on their Bacon, bologna, and liverwurst.
Debbie Carson Gaona I am currently in Saratoga 20 miles north of Albany.
I feel your pain DeDe Bourne, I feel you pain!
Do you go to wunderbar?
Wunderbar deli, hallock rd Port Jefferson NY
There is a comment below of a deli that ships LI bagels and rolls. I'm interested!
Look up Theodent. ...the new toothpaste. Its all I use.
Beautiful and amazing!
Steve Archdeacon I know you love Trump, you told me so many times!
Woah, a throwback!
The night shift is when all the action goes down in china town.
Just wait until they start smelling, soon!
Dirt bag got what he deserved.
New Medic for Fulton county NY end of 36.
Good luck or I hope it went well!
Wow, that's amazing!
Bg, iv, cardiovert.
Bye bye backboards.
That's awesome!
I may be excommunicated by the jurors of Facebook but Im right there with you.
Right on point!
Merry Christmas!
Thank you so much, I wish we were there.
We have everyone's presents here as well! How long will you be on long island for? We will be coming down the middle of next week.
And to yours as well Angelo!
Wow he has gotten big! Miss you guys!
Everyone looks so happy! hope you are having a great day!
Ah, well that's what I thought you meant anyway =)
 I was actually looking at plane tickets today, plotting and planning.
 Miss you too, stay safe!
Congratulations to you, you have truly won monopoly.
Underdeveloped industry standards and pay scale.
The universal quote should be  Would you add or change anything?
I've only had to break the news once.
RIP brother.
I think the most concerning and helpful piece of info would be why, why cancel the project?
To learn from it for next time if it had anything to do with you and the rest is just doing what is right and good customer service.
Mary, I gave that a try but I must of had it on silent or vibrate. Thanks for the tip :)
Parade rest, navy.
Staying alive.
Love you too! Still planing for this spring.
Yea just a few scrapes to the front bumper nothing major surprisingly.
Im confident when I say Congratulations!
Yes we are all fine, thanks :) a little whiplash is all.
My condolences Kayla. =(
Wow! Very nice.
"Awesome, changing the world! You should go on shark tank.
Thanks for making the world a better place.
You guys make great parents! Amazing family.
"Too bad we don't have a firing squad for this dirtbag.
Its truly amazing where they started from and where they are now, I'm a fan!
Smart idea!
That is awesome!
Yupp thats why I had to move.
That's a great idea and I could use a few leads, I will get in contact with you.
I have their catalog on hand in my office.
 I really need to pee you think the producer will mind since we're in the middle of a negotiation.
Bubbles!
Hey mr. Branson how come solar/compressed air cars aren't the primary mode of transport yet?
There's nothing humane and respectful about getting attacked.
I purchased mine a few weeks ago!
Too common of an occurrence to care.
Go home you're drunk.
Lmao yea that happened way too often.
A beautiful Roo.
The best natural lip balm in the universe.
Wow, that's amazing! How many do you plan to make in total?
Getting my car out of three feet of snow.
Time to squirrel away $300 just in case.
 I look forward to reading your book!
How many patents do you have?
Yea karaoke at Dunton inn is a must.
 Maybe also ride a bike through North Bellport at 2am...that's what I would do anyways.
 Make money doing your own business, isn't tht why you went through everything to get a store and paperwork to prepare food?
 My bad! I had no idea the store was open, I will have to stop by for your amazing donuts!
 I've been going through withdrawals lol!
Feel  better soon bud!
That goes for dads too, step up to the plate and switch to thinking what's best for my family not what's best for me.
Congrats man!! Good luck with everything.
I hope they are caught
Me too but i got mine yesterday, you're lucky they are all sold out! Maybe see you there!
Yea people started jacking the prices up like crazy! But we both know just getting to see Brand new is all that matters lol
Every mall I have been to has birds just perching above the food court, also I think that's where the samples of orange chicken come from :p
That's too funny, very true.
Do you ever go upstate NY skiing? Enjoy!
Lol I honestly never knew they grew like that !
Immediately call the the cops lol.
Something that's bothering me, yes this is weird and wrong of course but who told on him or did he report himself?
I bet someone out there believes this to be common knowledge, lol.
That is why you are a licensed Master of your field.
That guy really had a pair on him."
LOGICALLY  I suspect that tomorrow everyone with the 21 Day mark will have bars and info posted to prevent calls
I hope so too, it's fustrating.
He had an asthma attack, he had a pulse lol
That is beautiful, I miss the ocean! Enjoy! :)
Yes it could.
Implication is everything. Sometimes novmeans yes! Thanks Dennis.
Working 24hr shift as I am a Paramedic.
"I wish I had the energy you do!
Ok, where do I start? I'm definitely interested.
Bald eagle gray.
Sic transit gloria.
At the strip club.
I understand where you are coming from as I almost left ems for that reason but you need to remember if someone calls us it's usually because they know something is wrong, a little cough could end up being TB. 
That's really amazing and probably nerve racking, have you ever had to picture everyone in their underwear ? 
Good news, Stay strong ! <3
It will consume you.
Oh how i miss that view.
Hope you guys are having a blast!
Glad to see she's up and better!
Congrats of the newest addition!
Pappy.
I don't see how they can mandate anyone.
I really like the concept of your app, it's very smart and useful in my opinion keep going!
Trump is just putting on a show.
Looks painful.
He must of pulled out too early.
The quiet things that no one ever knows.
Opportunities and commotion.
Migration patterns of seagulls.
Do you have any job opportunities?
Nice braid!
Greetings from NY USA.
Good morning how's it going?
No where im still FT with ASFC but I got a part time/ per diem with Bruen Rescue.
Also my condolences about max!
Thanks all!
English, irish, welch.
So now the irs has three days left out of 40 days to send out for refund processing......what a ride.
Call a tax advocate if the irs is not giving you answers.
certainly call the IRS first to find out.
8 days to three weeks.
Mint, avacado, rosemary.
North shore ....port jeff area.
I'm glad the dirtbag gang member got his in the end.
You guys are awesome hope all is well!
I remember your dad, over the three years of working at Wunderbar your dad would come in and he always managed to uplift the mood with a funny joke or interesting story.
BNrockplaya lol.
Sugar causes so many health issues, try not eating sugar for a few days and you will find out it is also addictive because you will start going through withdrawals.
Fructose is the useless sugar that mainly turns into fat and cannot be used by your muscles for energy.
I think its #3 real numbers starting with 1 would only make up about 10% i believe, again, I believe so.
Good Luck but you're very intelligent so you probably wont need it.
What are you doing with the old truck?
Awesome banquet buddy to have :)
Is that the energizer bunny on the POWER stretcher....... get it, power stretcher. Lol.
Brand New!
Very sharp looking guy!
Happy easter to your family.
You were a rabbit! Always eating vegetables and grass lol.
Happy Easter.
Love and miss everyone.
Too young to die.
The city.
I didn't know mexico had exclusive rights to the sun, or does mexico have it's own sun.....i'm so confused.
But remember you have emphysema.
Little shit deserves to be taught a lesson, hitting a girl in the face is very wrong.
E. Patchogue complex by mtk. Hwy. And 101.
We all know its pediatric calls.
My beautiful baby.
I've always thought Anthony looks like mr. Domino.
Harsh.
Ballston lake ems.
Capnography.
Happy birthday, RIP.
Lilly Fuller ok this one is true through lol.
Little debbie strawberry shortcakes, I just don't have the willpower to say no to her at the store.
I love this one.
Not me.
Thanks Jeff! Apply from the website and I will send you an app, we are hiring right now!
Thanks Joe and congrats to you too.

Thanks uncle Jim!
Thanks brother.
Thanks pops!
Elmo..... yeah i'm screwed.
Can we celebrate with a free donut!! Im addicted lol.
I need your donut!
It feels good getting this after working so hard.
Isn't your bday coming up or on the same day as mine?
Nicole Bishop!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Thanks and congrats to you too on your two pull ups!
I wish I was as active as you, I strive to be like you :)
Thanks cuzzo, it is awesome to have hard work pay off :)
Thanks Frank!
Thanks Laura, miss you! I still need to stop by and say hi one day!
Thanks Gerard!
No F@$!ing way, I had a feeling and couldn't find your bday on your profile. You just made me feel extra smart so you're just making my day a hundred times more awesome and that makes you super duper awesome.
Congratulations!!! I wish your family the best!
Bruce wayne.
Yuppppp very true.
Thanks Laura <3
Thanks Carrie! Tell Jason I said hi. :)
Thanks Ellen!! :)
I want one!!
Can you make me two lol?? If you make them I will buy them :)
Thanks John!
Thanks bud!
Thanks Ash, everything is going good! Congrats again on the engagement.
That's amazing.
Thanks Kelly!
Thanks sammy!!! Miss you!
Thanks Randall, hope all is well!! :)
hope all is well with your growing family!! :)
I went too.
Paramedic, I save people :)
FYI #2 the 1st and the 15th.....reminds me of 40 year old virgin lmao.
27.
Name the cat, dog.
Thats an extremely difficult accomplishment!! Congratulations!
92.
Coming to LI? If so how long?
It's not just an island but the epicenter of the world.
FACEBOOK HIGH FIVE!
Gyro.
Good for her.
That's already looking amazing, I just purchased my first house and will need to contact you about your amazing artwork soon!
Thank you!! I'm a paramedic and my partner at work was bragging about a new piece of artwork he purchased and after checking it out I knew I had to one day contact you about your amazing artwork! We still have a lot of moving to do but I will contact you sometime soon, thanks Aja!
I'm going from my full time job to working on my fixer upper rental, enjoy you've earned it!
You lying little shit lol
This ones awesome! Stay safe!
The pen is re-BLUEE!!!!!!
Go Brady!!! That's amazing.
Nooooooooooooooooo.
Booooom!
If all ideas matter I have one I know would be a great addition to Facebook!! I know your busy but I thought of it today and want to share it with you.
Kayla Milnyczuk Angela Reynolds I see you!! :p
Locked up they won't let me out.
Where am I? What month is it?
Congrats! You've always been determined.
Have fun bro! Hope all is well with you and the family.
Filed jan 19. Accepted 21 and never received a letter from IRS.
This morning I received a DDD for jun 2nd. Is this the end or should i still be worried???
In the navy they would fly over my barracks and they would fly so close you would not hear a noise as they flew by but a few seconds after you felt the powerful shockwave and loud boom.
Does yours say sent yet??
They said I am covered but at the same time someone called and they gave out all my account info so the dirtbag could steal all of it, so I don't have much faith in them.
Wow, he looks exactly like you.
Hope he feels better!
Bank of America but I've had the account for some time so these people must of known some of my info.
thanks for the concern everyone and i hope I don't have anymore curve balls.
You have such a great family!! Congrats
But once my account is unfrozen im withdrawing ALL my money and closing it after i get my stolen funds back, thanks for the support everyone....it's been a trying week for me.
Oh I will it's a lot of money stolen that I needed now.
All you need is a gun Whats yo number?
Wow....
Lmao right on point!
150?
250?
I will come pick it uo.
Is it available? Thanks.
Fack yeah!
Thanks pops and happy Father's day to you too.
Congratulations to the both of you!
Hi Grandma we all miss and love you too.
I understand and we should talk on the phone soon, what's your phone number?
Sorry for your loss.
Mark VanAllen, very gay indeed.
Ouchh...
I've done some traveling and EQX is the best station I've come across.
I hope the kid never finds out...
?????? And then.........
What is it??
Caldor and Burlington.
Well I got fired from my job as a paramedic a week ago, I've been doing this for over 7 years. I've never felt this down and out with no money no job and a family to support. But this morning I woke up not feeling sorry for myself anymore I woke up determined, went for a jog and know I WILL be better everyday. My side business www.fb.com/bakenaturals\nI will be doing full time and going after a patent for a cool new concept in 100% all natural lip balm. For now I still have to hustle to get my car insurance paid or I don't think I will be going too far.
Sorry Daymond I'm a rule breaker at times but stay awesome!
Stay in it? Shit, I'd live in it!
Lmao Matthew Zerafa holy fucking shit dude, YESSSS!!!!!
Miss you bud, stay safe and Matt just NO, DON'T DO IT lol.
They are all awesome but I really love the Beetlejuice one!! Very cool.
Yeah..... fucking sucks! I wish I could be where I grew up, but I'm still fighting.
Burn out turns into stupid mistakes which can lead to loosing your job anyway, take some time off and explore other options! A basic pay is shitty anyway, go for gold!
Matthew I'm excited to hear that from you bro!!
Wanna hear something funny I just lost my well paying job over some dumb shit lmao. But I'm extremely positive from it all (I've been watching a lot of Tony Robbins).
Maybe I will see you around!
I feel ya.
Ha my last name is Baker, I should visit The angled land one day! It's just expensive to take trips unfortunately.
Welcome! You deserve an amazing day, have fun!
I've heard that before, my high school wrestling coach used to say that.
SOBER.
I've been eating squirrels......you guys are wierd.
That's amazing!!!! Congrats, he's a strong kid.
That's awesome! Congrats. Have you tried crowd funding.
When you do post it up I would love to check the project out!
Ha! That sounds awesome, keep me posted and good luck with everything!
I'm feeling this quote today, and I'm not talking my computer is given me problems.
I'm talking out of money and huge production fuck up by material source and now I have no choice but to produce by hand one by one. Grueling but I can't quit.
Fack......lol
B is Better.
That's my brother's name James Baker,
Life is good still.
Wow! That's amazing!
One name, TUPAC...... it's time for us to start making some changes.
awesome!! A must try.
I wish there was a cure for cancer already.
Omg i didn't know it was her! I remember her being so nice and thoughtful.
You are a truly amazing person.
I believe it but it all comes down to money unfortunately not humanity.
Massive determined action is amplified by like minded individuals moving together.
Whatever the anology people no longer take action based on facts.
Okay good because I wasn't going to delete it, felt wierd about posting it but I don't really care anymore lol.
Hey Sawyer I'm from Gloversville here in Fulton County.
you are the most dedicated, hardest working person i know and deserve all the success in the world.
i'm so proud of you, you are such a good person and you're the type of person who can change the world Randall, good luck =)
F@#$ that! You're awesome!
Aren't you the youngest in your family?!
If I had cable I would be watching! Looks fun :)
Good stuff, makes me feel bad because that's where I am too.
we do custom band labeled lip balms.
i wrote up a patent for an addition to my product that has never been done, the lawyer said I wrote it well.
No he needs to be alive.
Fuck that.
Omg omg omg no this isn't real.
Noooooooo this isn't real.
Noooooooo please tell me this is fake.
No he's coming home.
I hope I can bounce back from my little brother's wake today.
Thank you so much for the condolences, it's really appreciated bro.
no but you would of loved him!
all night I wish I had my brother back =(
im sorry i wrote something so negative.
sorry for doing that to your post i just miss my brother so much.
I'm sorry again I shouldn't of tried to bring attention my way im just very sad right now.
no just thank you for the kind words.
I'm feeling sorry for myself but i just miss the little guy.
thank you again for being so kind!
I will do thank you so much again! you have always been so  kind thank you.
My bro died at 24.
I love you dude what's up?
So anything is possible, I just wish my 24 year old brother didn't die a day before his birthday last week but he's happy for this shit too so congrats to you bro! Fucking good for you!
When I started doing my lip balm people thought I was fucking crazy but now just got an order for 1000+ from Tomboxes.com and a warped tour band Less Than Jake carry's our brand with their custom label for their merch stand.
I love that kid!! happy holidays!
I will give you a call.
they are like children.
thank you a lot.
ive sent them info b4.
such a cute kid!
I know! I love having a son its the best feeling being a parent, and you seem like a really good mom!
thank you so much! take care and I hope all is well with you, I know what you're going through.
i miss you too bro it will get bette with time as you told me.
yeah fuck you.
thats fucking heart warming and thank you for this.
so yeah i will day dream about success and my brother coming back to life.
i want to succeed but after all of live dont act like you had periods of giving up.
not have my brother get killed.
go wash some, you gave your bd too much to have fun with you.
Woah...
you smell okayish.
Mariah Carey i'm from long island and actual treated a family member of yours from Bellport.
fantasy thoughts.
and depends on the amount of water flowing.
2-3 is blocked so it's 2.
i miss him so much thanks for sharing.
its a long story but at first we thought it was accidental but it was murder and suffolk has an open homicide case.
everyday I want to cry over this bullshit....
yeah it's the hardest thing ive ever had to deal with bro, thank you for your support.
it's a battle everyday loosing my baby brother, a real battle.
thanks bro i appreciate it and you've always been a friend to us, love you bro.
I will it's hardest for us who grew up with him.
i wish i could take his place you know.
it feels like yesterday, it does everyday..... I know he is and i like to believe that.
thanks Elana everyone says it gets better with time but so far that is not true.
I already have a huge chunk of something missing, I feel it everyday.
feel better little one!
stop eating bugs.
and free shipping to you everytime.
Yeah I have to send you some! I'm unsure if my brother jimmy is coming down there soon if not I will just mail some out.
story of my life lol
Well, that just makes it even funnier lol
i guess it happens quite often for it to be one of their questions.
congrats on your dad.
no but i'm glad he's okay.
im a paramedic and know in winter the current is strong.
I just loss a close family member and it's not easy i understand but stay strong! <3
LIFE SUCKS!
orry life doesnt suck for everyone but for me it does .
fuck the police and this donald trumb bullshit.
hes a racist piece of shit.
enjoy! =)
all you can do is try.
OMG im getting turned on here.
i need this.
I CANT TAKE HIM NOT BEING HERE.
sure meet me in gloversville, im located in the middle of fuckiing no where 5 hours away.
hope hes okay, i will pray for him!
trampoline?
your face?
Black market body parts.
logistics and $88 proved more reliable then friends.
It's John Wick.
I'm very interested how do I get started?
Closed.
if you paypal me tonight i will sell it for $35.
now thats a good deal.
It's now or never.
Buy it today I have someone interseted.
Right now.
ThomAs sorry I need the cash.
Are you going to buy it it needs to go asap.
idk why.
i will send it to you.
yes it is, where are you located?
well if you want i can do 35 since the gas to come out here is a lot.
do you want to meet half way.
in my country we cut finger off.
gas powered?
More like medium rare ;)
Boom right on the money.
today is exactly 4 months since he passed.
Feels like a lifetime ago!
even Johnathan would laugh at this fucked up Facebook irony.
Explosive! I love it.
Thanks Neil tell the family I say Hi!
i'm watching this for the second time now it really hits home for me because Im not religious and my brother (24y/o) was killed a day before his birthday about four months ago and everything about  the OA feels familiar that it;s comforting.
what i'm trying to say is thank you Brit for not becoming a CPA lol
All that matters is you're alive and you get another chance to do it right.
I'm sure your daughter is just happy to have mommy back alive.
Looks like a viper to me.
That sucks, no business should feel they are doing so well they forget about the main reason they are even in business, customers and customer service. Except Facebook, they can do whatever they want.
First time home buyer use FHA loan.
That's not real, I've had burn patients and the kids first off would be extremely scared and he would be in so much pain. Has to be a Halloween costume.
I don't agree at all maybe Planned Parenthood can do a better job informing women on risks of procedures but you are citing incidents that happened back in the late 70's, that's not fair.
That's great information.
Like peer pressure some people are easily influenced to make the decision to try drugs, a gateway drug leading to harder drugs or have a mental health issue leading them into the life but once heroin gets a hold of you it's almost impossible to quit on your own as I seen it first hand with a family member. You are right in that there's nothing you can do until they want to stop I 100% agree but when my brother wanted to stop it was very hard to find a place or hospital that would treat him in a controlled medical setting which is the unfortunate part. I had to help him myself and my efforts were thwarted by the scum produced by the vile drug. I just wish Dr. Werblin that heroin just didn't exist and we didn't have this problem but that's what dreaming is for.
Exactly, most people who I have seen who are drug addicts do want help more then anything but treatment is hard to obtain.
Holy shit! I can't believe I didn't see that.
Food network?
Just like Jim Carey's rhino birth in Ace Ventura.
First intelligent comment I've come across, bravo!
I know I don't know you too well but I've seen posts from when he was born and I have to say the whole thing has been inspirational!
Love is love.
Paw patrol.
I always do, thanks.
They are losers though...
I got mine from Walmart for only 60.
I've lived it for six years.
We will see!
What bullshit! It's sad that you go to jail for doing your job!
Very existential.
PIECES OF SHIT!!!! Pure and simple dumb dirtbags.
LETS FUCKING BREAK THEM OUT! FREE THE ANIMALS!
We all know what google is!
I work in a giant freezer and at my job they played one of your songs and its the onlu thing that turned my day around!
you're the F!@#$%8 man!
That's an incredible intelligent idea! Love it.
Now we here.
I love how you're always happy! That's awesome!
This can't be real! If so it scares me the mentality of some humans.
Everyone should stop judging, most of you reading this probably need to go see a therapist. Honestly.
I'm surprised it's not alcohol after all the stuff he's been through.
Lees Flower not everyone can be a winner.
That really is an awesome picture.
That's what you get when you try to hug a bear.
Jake Costello but no ones opinions really matter.
I don't care who you are that shit is not funny, he has family too.
Yeah not funny, this is too far.
What are the stipulations?
Matthew O'Toole those stipulations are not so bad.
How much? I will buy one!
I would love two if you have extra!
Daniela Cos-Kelly sounds great, Will do!
That's a good one! Lol.
You're an amazing human.
you shoukld really source your information before you post dumb stories.
Is this real?
just doesn't seem real because I couldn't fathom a person doing that to their kids, it's deplorable.
And extortionists.
Don't want to go to jail for something you didn't do and was just accused of?
Well either go to trial and get threatened with maximum jail time or pay us thousands of dollars, there needs to be a corrections department for correcting the justice system.
Could it be a dude?
A guns not going to change the government, guys an idiot.
That's crazy! Couldn't do that If my life depended on it lol.
Put him in a hole and throw away the key.
Would if I could.
Is this a real news station?
Happy Father's Day!
Omg! So many bodies, hope they all pull through.
I will have nightmares now thank you very much lol.
Always dressing the part.
Let's just throw her to the wolves?
It's just the rum talking.
Yeah let's just not do our job.
Signed up.
It would never go through.
Right now, red.
Fully agree.
That's really funny!
They can later bill them or invoke legal ramifications but withholding care is an asinine assumption.
That looks amazing! I'm sure that's only going to add to a great fourth!
Yes! Can't wait, we will be there.
Kirsten Signar you're funny :)
Didn't look like it but wanted to make sure.
Hope it works out for you!
More free labor!
wait maybe they would rather get paid very well for their expertise and time?
no idea! we wish we could soon but its like hey.
Lol he looks extremely happy!
i'm looking forward to seeing you guys one of these days.
That helped but that's only part of the story.
Yezzir, it's the truth.
But god is everywhere always watching but way too busy to do anything.
don't you love how something great happens and everyone is like hey it been a while.
Also I do not have cable so i may illegally download episodes, sorry.
its crazy! isn't it how quick they grow and learn?
you cant unscramble scrambeled eggs.
guess why?
love the 1000 yard stare you would make a great sailor! skippor!
fire me if you must!
we are from source and are all just reflections of eachother, different perspectives.
life is to live, not many choose to live.
when you speak to me you are looking at a perspective of yourself, mirrors of self.
we're all alone in our own worlds, literally.
The original is the best version.
Is this fake? Wtf?
That's a slippery slope, a ban is the opposite of freedom.
If you want to be stupid and go to N. Korea is a decision you have to live/die with.
THATS WHAT SHE GETS FOR NOT WEARING HER SEATBELT !
Not guns maybe mace and tazer max, mandatory gym membership is a great idea too.
Is OJ Simpson opening a bakery?
I guess when you run out of things to do with your life you lose your mind too.
That's what they get!! That's da bees honey not theirs!!! Da bees!.
I'm sure RN's would be happy to help out for free ?
you make (x) amount of $$ and oh look (x) amount of bills are now do.
im happy for you, you seemed bored and now you get to drink for free!
its crazy how big they get so fast!
vibration frequency's actually create different  beautifully symmetrical designs.
thats great you're doing this type of program for people!
Dr. Michio Kaku I have a business model/concept I've developed that would be the start to improving and intellectually developing communities, its almost 0% overhead too. I just wold like to get your take on it if you get this message.
Typical behavior of people who wear knee high socks with shorts that are too long.
But you can help others in a direction that is conducive of a healthy and happy lifestyle.
no 631 is the way to go.
a majority should not have to suffer because of a minuscule minority.
Hook me up LUIS.
shouldn't their be at least one horse in the picture too?
Maybe separate fire and ems? Just a thought.
Did he do it for love though? Was he so sad he needed a friend in his life? They are mans best friends dammit!
He doesn't look like he did it for the lulz, maybe he was upset with the hairline he saw in the mirror?
Maybe he was hangry? And heard riverhead had amazing chicken patty sandwiches?
Don't have cable anymore and it's way better!
loved ones who don't mind seeing you only on holidays and a love of helping even if not properly compensated or respected.
I fucking love everyone's responses!
Fake news reporting on fake news? Classic.
People don't be dumb if guns were gone people who want to do harm will find ways to do so, regardless of policy.
David Brumagin I can see people finding ways to build homemade guns for example and finding new creative ways to do harm to masses. I just feel guns are not the problem it's the person behind it. I understand where you're coming from.
Lots of blowjobs and sushi I'm sure.
Life's not fair and money is power so what does it matter?
Buy lots of alcohol.
Isn't it more of a human violence problem?
CNBC go fuck yourselves, that is all.
You know what Steve, you're right.
It's just I see two people in the woods talking about hate and this is the second article on this and it just irks me. I feel the local street kids could form a gang and call themselves the microwave gang that goes around stealing microwaves and it would be a news story. What about a reaction article from the police or residents about this issue? That would be interesting, not having to waste time reading about their grandiose deluded idea of a better society, again.
Disassociating is a skill you can teach yourself.
Gregory Becker sure thing! I learned it while going on calls as a paramedic to help me stay focused and in control.
See, good news.
I hope those idiots go to jail idc what for just get the hate off the streets.
Will Smith better get ready for robo cops patrolling the streets.
keep it in your pants Equifax! damn!
I'm sure that can't be true, some more fake bullshit.
Given me that much and I can come up with a workable plan!
I don't think it about protecting anyone rather more about controlling people.
Yeah, good, glorified taxi drivers if you ask me!
It's inspirational reading this, congrats on your hard work paying off!
Dam is monster energy and red bull  prices going up? Bc EMts don't make much and can't afford the good stuff to stay awake.
Gotta stay strapped at all times.
Yes but I only if I could put some pepper on them.
It's weird the president doesn't have power, then who does?
Free range mini coop?
Fallout shelters and radiation suits?
Yes! Unprotected sex!
Our doctor never made it either, nurses are awesome.
I'm so happy for you! Keep it up and good luck with everything!
my 24 year old brother died a few months ago.
what the heck is right! whats going on here?
looks like a serious medical condition, shouldn't people start posting "praying for you".
Taxi driver/ gods gift to mankind.
Do you separate your business money from personal money?
No unfortunately too many people bidding higher then cars value.
You're gonna get fat.
Robot police men and women, hover boards, safety.
That's an amazing tattoo!
Did you come up with that?
Well I guess technically it is but it's a dam good looking scar lol.
Thanks for the recommendation, I will check him out!
Shit happens, right?! And you know what? Life goes on, and on, and on and on again. Relevance factor none and repentance is just for fun as life goes on and on and on.
Yeah everyone should be respected equally but woman/man/black/white are just descriptive words.
I absolutely love it and have been wanting to purchase your art ever since my one co work Brad Bingenheimer recommend your work.
It's definitely not stuff it's being able to do what the fuck I want!
I've been following you for a few years and love how far you've come, congrats!
My uncle touching my butt, life was simple then.
He's a dummy though but still a puppy.
Aimee Elizabeth No, It does look that way from that angle. He just has white right there on his chest, He certainly has a big personality for such a small dog lol
Wow! It's like looking in a mirror.
she does her own thing now, shes an independent dog.
Just mad because he doesn't have a soul on Christmas.
smart man! keep it up, keep going.
thank you for the post it really means a lot Patrick.
I saw your post and I really appreciate the kind words, I've always considered you family and thank you, love you.
Put that away lol it's about 3mm of snow.
RIP little bro, I love you and miss you so much, think about you everyday.
thank you everyone for the kind and warm comments, its much appreciated as Christmas rolls around without him, it helps, thanks.
Say thank you and then fix my life and make it into more money.
Sh'es with you and that's what I like to believe about john, have a merry Christmas with your awesome family and hope all is well.
I believe with car keys you need the title and have to order it from the manufacturer unfortunately.
buy all the lonely women in the world dildos to make the world a better place.
how about $12hr for them and $25 hr for us.
Yeah, I was listening to them a few weeks ago. Reminds me of way back!
Go back it's a trap!
Miss you too love you, Roy and Sammy.
Honestly we had no plans and this just fell together!
sweet chicken teriyaki with a chocolate cookie on it with sweet teriyaki sauce drizzled on it.
it was a joke thing at first but everyone seemed to enjoy it.
Happy new year Ashley!! We need to catch up one of these days.
He is in NC on life support at the moment.
I feel your pain if you need anything let me know.
Perfect response love it.
Fire!! For real.
Make sure your bladder is empty at all times.
Did it break your spirit? Seems like it, if so you're already there.
love you, miss you johnathan.
I think you're awesome and can't wait till your little one is born, it's going to change your world.
Money moves 2018.
A Mustang was a baddd choice lol.
Kyle Henderson I absolutely agree, it is suggestive of the inability to parent children.
An accounting accountability system, I love the concept!
I'm writing a book to help everyone understand actually, not joking.
miss you bud, hey maybe I will get a job working over there!
One love might be undivided but isn't that just selfish love then? Like I have more then one dog and I love them all mostly equally
I'm not trying to disagree with you, I've just got very spiritual lately.
so love is a multitude of different things and in abundance but there can always be a shortage.
I know! Crazy right. I was on the island a few weeks ago I remember things I've forgotten about growing up, crazy bro.
I actually just quit my job a few weeks ago to find this, just to get back in touch with life since that its changed the way I think and live my life.
ive never felt so good and peaceful in my life until I took a step back from the work grind and figure out what being happy is.
I feel the best boss is a person who can really understand situations and interpret and direct, that's a true boss.
Well said, thank you for understanding Scott Corcoran.
A real boss is only the most understanding person in the room.
a true boss is a nice person who wants to help you.
YOUR MUSIC IS SO BEAUTIFUL IT RESONATES WITH ME!
what type of aftercare are you using?
It was really late, got a call to a nursing home, When we got there no one knew where the patient was. On our way down a dark hallway there was this smell, unearthly in nature, so bad I fell to my knees gagging. I'm haunted by that smell to this day.
Katy Purry.
im going to conduct a binural beat study, i'm on a mission to find a way to help people be happy.
I'm lost, what are you trying to say? I get shut the fuck up but what you mean constituents and parts per million?
No argument here brahhhh just good old fashioned don't get hit with debis like Donny Darko.
Listen, matt, just jerk it and take a nap lol.
Lmao no I just care about you bro and you seem to be on some next level shit you know.
But image you tripped because you didn't tie your shoes and fell on your face, knocked out a few teeth you would look ugly and girls would think you drank too much Mountain Dew.
Lmao I gtg do laundry just look up for space particles every now and then.
I know how it is to lose a brother, you're on my thoughts bro!
I'm writing one currently.
It's okay I took my car to get fixed got a rental and look, a tree fell on it.... good times.
you really are an amazing artist!
I found art very peaceful thats why im opening an art studio but I will mostly be producing my Bake Naturals Products.
My soul!!!!!! But then I broke up with her and got it back, turned out to be a great return on initial investment as I've learned a lot and can contrast healthy and unhealthy relationships!
Thanks ash!!! Hope all is well!
It's diameter is about 8" and it holds one tea candle.
Kat Marie yeah I find it calming to just sit down and do something creative, very peaceful.
Not unless you like your insides burned apparently.
What are they? Looks cool, I assume not real tats?
This is knowledge everyone has but doesn't know unless they want it to be known.
I see the strings too and I will keep figuring it out.
They make Google do weather updates now I guess to alleviate all the blame to the weather guy.
Saturday's till midnight I'm doing a neon paint night.
Thank you very much annie!!! Means a lot.
He's not truly feeling life.
Whatever I want, responsibly!
In the beginning stages my friend.
Good for you, realizing life is yours not the other way around so soon, I will continue to move.
I will take a slice! Yum.
I'm thankful that I have positive people in my life now, ended a ten year relationship but I took my life by the fucking horns.
Do you do what you love? Or what you have to do?




when my little brother Johnathan died I set out to see the world, the universe, from his perspective because my brother was an alien.

KNOWLEDGE IS PASSED ON THROUGH GENETICS.
OUR MEMORIES NOW ARE SAVED AND CONVERTED INTO ALMOST A DREAM FEELING SAVED IN OUR DNA AND PASSED ON.
WE ARE BORN WITH INSTINCTS AND FEELINGS.THESE ARE NOT LEARNED THEY ARE GIVEN, ALREADY HAD. FEELING IS A UNIVERSAL STORAGE DEVICE, ALL, EVERYTHING CONNECTED

ITTS FUNNY EVERYONE ALREADY KNOWS ALL THIS AND THEY JUST CAN'T ACCESS IT BECAUSE OF THE MAMMAL PART OF THE BRAIN, MAMMAL BRAINS ARE CONNECTED,
EVERYTHING IS CONNECTED, SOMEWHERE. I HAVE ACCESS TO MY ALIEN BRAIN WITH MY MAMMAL BRAIN.
JOHNATHAN WAS BORN LIKE THIS, KNOWING TOO MUCH, ALONE.
I FEEL ACTS AS A LUBRICANT TO MY ALIEN BRAIN LIKE NUTRIENTS TRAPPED IN DRY DIRT IN A SEED BELOW, BURIED. THE SEED NEEDS THE NUTRIENTS
TRAPPED IN THE DIRT TO GROW. POURING WATER ONTO THE DIRT ACTS AS A LUBRICANT ALLOWING ABSORPTION OF THE NUTRIENTS IN THE DIRT TO TRAVEL TO THE SEED TO GROW,
TO DO WHAT THE SEED ALREADY KNOWS, WHAT HAS ALWAYS BEEN THERE, SHOWN.MAMMALS ARE BLIND LOOKING FOR ANSWERS TO QUESTIONS WHEN THE ANSWERS
ARE ALREADY KNOWN, ALL THEY HAVE TO DO IS THINK, THINK ABOUT IT. THE REAL EYE OPENER FOR ME WAS WHEN I ANSWERED THE QUESTION  DO ALIENS
EXIST? I REALISED I AM PART/MOSTLY ALIEN, WE ARE ALL MAMMAL ALIENS, OBVIOUSLY. A PENGUIN CANNOT CONTEMPLATE THE WORKINGS OF AN ATOM BOMB (MAMMAL) A
PENGUIN CAN FEEL, WE ARE MAMMAL ALIENS, JOHNATHAN KNEW THIS. LAST NIGHT I TOOK MORE OF MY THINKING AND FEELING LUBRICANTS. THIS TIME
WAS CONCERNING AND WORRISOME AS I FELT LIKE MY BRAIN PATHWAYS ALMOST GO, FOREXPLANATION PURPOSES, FROM A PAVED HIGHWAY UNDER CONSTRUCTION INTO AN
OCEAN WITH OPENNESS AND ALMOST NO DIRECTION. I WOKE UP TODAY BACK TO FEELING MY NEW NORMAL. I TOOK FOUR TO THINK, AS IT
STARTED TO WORK I WAS ABLE TO ACCESS THESE NEW PATHWAYS AND STARTED UNDERSTANDING AGAIN. AS I EXPLAINED TO MY MOTHER WHILE SITTING AT SOCIAL
SERVICES, SHE SAID EVERYTHING ABOUT YOU, HOW YOU MOVE, HOW YOU TALK, IS YOUR FATHER. I EXPLAINED TO HER WHY THAT IS, LIKE A PUPPY WHO IS BORN THEY DO NOT
KNOW THEY FEEL, NOT FEEL AS IN TOUCH, RATHER AS AN INSTINCT. THEY KNOW TO EAT, TO ELIMINATE WASTE OUTSIDE OF THEIR DWELLING SO THEY DON'T GET SICK AND DIE, HOW IS THIS? THESE ARE THOUGHT FEELINGS, FEELINGS CANNOT BE TAUGHT, THOUGHT FEELINGS
THAT IS. YOUR LIFE EXPERIENCE WITH YOUR KNOWLEDGE GETS COMPRESSED AND ENCOMPASSED INTO YOUR GENETICS LIKE A SUPERCOMPUTER. THESE ARE WHAT GETS
PASSED ON THROUGH REPRODUCTION. INFORMATION IS NEVER FULLY LOST, IT IS STORED AND NOT FULLY ACCESSIBLE AS TO ALLOW PROGRESS NOT REGRESSION. THIS FEELING
STORAGE SYSTEM PEOPLE SAY THEY FEEL IT IN THEIR BONES, IS ACTUALLY AN AURA THAT EMANATES FROM US AND ORIGINATES FROM YOURSELF.
THIS TAKES IN THE LIFE EXPERIENCE AND HAS VARYING LEVELS OF IMPORTANCE WHICH MAKES UP ITS STORAGE SIZE. AS I THINK I KEEP UNDERSTANDING AND ANALYSING.
I DO NOT HAVE ALL THE DATA TO EXPLAIN BUT I HAVE WHAT I KNOW AND KEEP LEARNING WHAT I KNOW AND UNDERSTANDING WHAT I LEARN.
WHEN WE DIE THERE IS NO HEAVEN BUT A PLANE OF DATA/LIFE EXPERIENCE NETWORK WHERE WE ARE ALL CONNECTED TO, THROUGH, PATHWAYS. TIME IS A CURRENT
TRAVELING AND CONTINUING TO DEVELOP THIS SUPERCOMPUTER. THIS IS TO WHERE I STOP AND CONTINUE AS EVERYTHING IS NOT NOW, IT'S TIME, TIME WILL TELL. THATS A FUNNY SAYING BECAUSE TIME WILL TELL IMPLYING TIME ALREADY KNOWS.

BABIES LEARN THROUGH CONFUSION AND NOT BEING ABLE TO UNDERSTAND AT FIRST. I EXPANDED MY MIND THROUGH A FEW DIFFERENT STEPS BUT THE MAIN
ONE LEARNING AND REMEMBERING WHILE CONFUSED, LIKE A BABY DOES AT THE BEGINNING OF LIFE. BRAIN ACTIVITY TO HELP ACTIVATE MULTITASK THINKING COMPREHENSION
BY THINK FEELING:
1. PICTURE BLANK/BLACK SPACE IN YOUR MIND, EYES CLOSED, DIM TO COMPLETE DARKNESS.
2. IN THIS SPACE PICTURE A WORD IN WHITE WRITING. YOUR MIND WILL WANT TO SPEAK THIS WORD INSIDE YOUR HEAD (INNER VOICE) TO UNDERSTAND. UNDERSTAND THE MEANING OF THE WORD YOU CHOSE WITHOUT USING OR HEARING YOUR INNER VOICE.
3. LOOK AT THIS WORD YOU CHOSE, UNDERSTAND ITS MEANING WITHOUT USING YOUR INNER VOICE.
4. NOW REPEAT THIS WITH TWO WORDS THAT HAVE MEANING WHEN USED TOGETHER AND KEEP COMPOUNDING WORDS INTO SENTENCES.

2018/02/05- TONIGHT I STARTED STROKING OUT, WHAT MY BROTHER JIM CALLS IT. I BEGIN TO HAVE THIS DRY METALLIC TASTE IN THE BACK OF MY THROAT AND FAST,
THINNING, THOUGHTS THAT ARE ANXIETY PRODUCING, NEGATIVE THOUGHTS. WHEN THIS STARTS I CAN FEEL THE LEFT AND RIGHT SIDE OF MY BODY SEPARATELY. I HAVE A HARD
TIME MOVING MY LIMBS TO MOVE OR WALK. I DON'T KNOW EXACTLY WHY THIS HAPPENS BUT I BELIEVE IT HAS TO DO WITH A DANGEROUS ELEVATION IN MY BLOOD PRESSURE.
THERE ARE OTHER FACTS IM CONSIDERING WITH THAT. I TOOK A SHOWER TO MEDITATE, I LOVE THE FEELING OF BEING NAKED, SITTING WITH
MY FEET CROSSED AND HANDS ON MY ELBOWS RESTING ON MY LAP. I GO TO A PLACE IN THE UNIVERSE WHERE IM FLOATING ON THE EDGE OF THE HIGHEST CLIFF IN THE UNIVERSE.
THIS CLIFF I CANNOT SEE BUT I KNOW IM FLOATING RIGHT ABOVE THE DROP OFF POINT. AS I SIT THERE I FEEL THE WATER, WARM, LIKE A SMALL WATERFALL. I ALSO FEEL COLD AIR AS
SPACE ON THE OUTSIDE OF MY KNEES. I LOOK OUT INTO THE UNIVERSE AND SEE BREATHTAKING ARRAY OF COLORS THAT MAKE UP THE GALAXIES. I THINK ONLY OF THE BEAUTY OF EVERYTHING.
THIS DIDN'T HELP THIS VERY REAL PROBLEM, I THOUGHT I WAS GOING TO DIE. I TOOK DIPHENHYDRAMINE WHICH HELPED ALONG WITH TIME, I THOUGHT ABOUT
JOHNATHAN, I THOUGHT ABOUT HOW HE DIED FROM OVERDOSING ON AN UNDERDOSE OF WHAT WAS PROBABLY A DRUG IMPORTED FROM CHINA THAT IS SIMILAR TO FENTANYL BUT
MOLECULARLY CHANGED SLIGHTLY SO IT IS LEGAL TO SHIP TO THE U.S. I ALSO THOUGHTABOUT THE GUY WHO WATCHED HIM DIE. ALL FOR A WATCH I GAVE HIM THE DAY BEFORE
AND THE HUNDRED AND TWENTY FIVE DOLLARS IN HIS POCKET. WE USED TO CALL THIS GUY A FAMILY FRIEND, WE KNEW HIM SINCE WE WERE KIDS. NOW I THINK OF HIM AS THE COWARD I WILL KILL.

MY LITTLE BROTHER DIED ON DECEMBER 5TH AROUND 2AM A DAY BEFORE HIS 25TH BIRTHDAY (12/06/90). HE NEVER MADE IT HOME TO HELP
ME FINISH THE LIP BALM ORDER HE SAID HE WOULD HELP ME WITH. THE FIRST WORDS I REMEMBER EVER SAYING TO HIM WERE  I LOVE YOU. MY
MOM MADE ME SAY THAT TO HIM AS A BABY BEFORE BED AND THE LAST WORDS I SAID TO MY BROTHER AT THE BUS STATION THE DAY BEFORE HE
DIED WERE  I LOVE YOU AND HE LOVED ME TOO. IM A REGISTERED PARAMEDIC WITH THE STATE OF NEW YORK AND KNOW MY BROTHER COULD OF BEEN SAVED EASILY BY JUST A LITTLE
NALOXONE. PEOPLE ARE SAVAGE ANIMALS ONLY THINKING WITH THEIR MAMMAL BRAINS TRAPPED BY FEAR, HUNGRY FROM GREED AND SAVAGE BY LACK OF SELF CONTROL AND ANGER. JOHNATHAN ALWAYS HATED DRUGS,
CALLED US LOSERS FOR DOING THEM BUT WAS ALWAYS SURROUNDED BY WHEM, WHAT STARTED AS TRYING A PILL EVOLVED OVER YEARS AND BECAME WORSE THROUGH DESPERATION.
2018/02/09-
FOR THE PAST TWO DAYS MY BRAIN HAS BEEN ALMOST HURTING, NOT HURTING, BUT ALMOST TO THAT POINT. I WOULD CALL IT UNCOMFORTABLE. I
WOKE UP TODAY OKAY AND I DIDNT FEEL THIS ANYMORE. I DID NOT MEASURE BUT I KNOW A RANGE. WHEN THIS SMALL AMOUNT TOOK AFFECT IT ACTED IN THE SAME WAYA LARGER DOSE NORMALLY WOULD HAVE.
THIS LEADS ME TO CONCLUDE EFFICIENCY. MY BRAIN TOOK THE EXPANDED MATERIAL LIKE TETRIS PIECES THROWN INTO A CLEAR PLASTIC,
RECTANGULAR BOX THAT WAS CONNECTED OR TOUCHING EACH PIECE IN ANY WHICH WAY. SHOOK THEM UP (THE BOX) DISCONNECTING THE
TOUCHING CONNECTION THAT WAS INEFFECTIVE SPACE WISE AND IN ALMOST A 3-D FASHION THE WAY YOU WOULD PLAY TETRIS TOOK THE PIECES AND PUT THEM TOGETHER TO TOUCH IN THE MOST EFFECTIVE SURFACE AREA TO

SURFACE AREA CONNECTION WHILE LOGISTICALLY COMPRESSING BY FITTING PIECES TO MANAGE SPACE AND MAXIMIZE ENERGY USAGE, THE SMALL AMOUNT OF X IS MORE EFFECTIVE IN ACCESSING COMPRISED DATA.
9.5%-----> 1 1/100,000: 85% ---------->10.5% Multi Spatial thinking for simultaneous problem solving

2018/02/10-
TODAY IS SATURDAY, I HAD PLANS TO GO TO FASHION WEEK IN NYC FRIDAY, FRIDAY DID NOT WORK OUT. LATER FRIDAY NIGHT I HEARD BACK FROM MY COUSINS UNCLE OR AUNTS EX HUSBANDS
BROTHER, WHICHEVER WAY YOU WANT TO SEE IT IS UP TO YOU, SAME PERSON, JOSEPH DEACETIS, DIFFERENT ROUTE TO THE SAME END. HE SAID HE WAS FLYING BACK TO NYC FROM MIAMI AND MAY
HAVE TICKETS FOR JESS, JIM, THOMAS AND I FOR FASHION WEEK. MY EFFORTS HAVE LEAD TO LEAD A NIGHT OF LOOSE PLANS THAT I WILL RUN WITH. LIFE IS 50/50. WHAT IS IN BETWEEN THE NUMBER 50 AND
50 ? ZERO! THATS WHERE WE ALL AIM TO RESONATE, WE ARE NEVER MOTIONLESS. OUR LIFE FORCE FROM A MACROSCOPIC VIEW IS A RESONATING LINE THAT NEVER SETTLES AT ZERO, ALWAYS ACTIVE
GOING ABOVE 50 AND THEN BACK DOWN BELOW 50, A GOOD DAY/BAD DAY. I TOOK THIS AS MY FIFTY FOR LIFE EXPERIENCE AND HAD TO PUT IN THE OTHER FIFTY TO MAKE IT WORK. I KNEW TOMORROW I
HAD TO MAKE IT TO THE CITY. THIS IS WHERE I USE MY MULTITUDE THINKING DYNAMIC TO PLAN A POSSIBLE EVENT SEQUENCE. I KNOW IT WONT DO AS I PLAN BUT IT WILL FLOW IN THAT DIRECTION.
REMEMBER, THINK ABOUT WHAT YOU ARE DOING NEXT, ONE HOUR FROM NOW, ONE DAY FROM NOW, AT THIS HOUR TOMORROW WHERE WILL YOU BE? THESE ARE YOUR GUIDEMARKS.
NOT LANDMARKS OR GUIDELINES BUT GUIDEMARKS, I LOOK AT MY WALLET AND SEE I ONLY HAVE ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS TO GO AND NEED MORE MONEY. YESTERDAY I WENT TO THE STORE TO PICK UP
FOOD AND UPON RETURNING TO MY VEHICLE I FOUND MY FORD MUSTANG WITH TWO FLAT TIRES ON THE SAME SIDE OF THE CAR. INTENTIONAL OR NOT THIS COST ME TWO HUNDRED DOLLARS AND FIVE HOURS OF MY TIME. THAT IS HOW I SPENT MY DAY FRIDAY

INSTEAD OF IN NYC. I BELIEVE EVERYTHING HAPPENS FOR A REASON, FIFTY/FIFTY. NOW I NEEDED MORE MONEY TO GO TO THE CITY WITH, HAVING
MULTIPLE STREAMS OF REVENUE WILL PREVENT YOU FROM FAILING NOT ULTIMATELY BUT IF YOU BELIEVE IN LUCK DOING THIS THE ODDS
WILL BE FOREVER IN YOUR FAVOR. SO I WENT WITH PLAN A, PLAN A FAILED, PLAN B, PLAN B I WAS ABLE TO ACQUIRE $85. NOW I HAD
ENOUGH TO GET TO THE CITY. I HAD MONEY, GUIDEMARKS, MY PEOPLE JIM AND JESS, I WAS ALL SET. I SET AN ALARM FOR SIX AM SATURDAY MORNING. AS I AWOKE I LOOKED AT THE TIME AND IT WAS
9AM. I KNEW WE WERE GOING TO BE LATE, BUT WERE STILL GOING. AFTER PACKING AND LOGISTICS WE FINALLY LEFT AROUND ELEVEN AM, NOT TOO BAD. BUT WE WERE GOING TO BE LATE, BUT WE
WERE STILL GOING. WE GOT INTO THE RED FORD MUSTANG CONVERTIBLE AND HEADED OUT. FIRST WE MADE A STOP AT WALMART, WE RETURNED ABOUT FIFTY DOLLARS OF STOLEN ITEMS TO
GET SUPPLIES WE NEEDED. I HATE WHEN MY BROTHER DOES THIS BUT HE ASSURES ME HE WON'T DO IT AGAIN. I KNOW HE WILL THOUGH AND I KNOW HE GETS A NOSTALGIC FEELING FROM IT. IT
REMINDS HIM WHEN HIM AND JOHNATHAN WERE HOMELESS FOR A FEW WEEKS AND THEY STOLE ITEMS TO RETURN FOR MONEY TO GET FOOD AND DRINKS.
THAT IS WHY I UNDERSTAND IT BUT I CANNOT LET IT GET OUT OF CONTROL. WE HAVE OUR SUPPLIES BUT I MOSTLY CARE THAT I HAVE MY CXS, THIS HELPS ME THINK, THINK FEEL.
MY BROTHER THINKS IM CRAZY, BUT YOU CANNOT ARGUE WITH RESULTS AND APPARENT FACTS. I THINK THIS SCARES HIM, ME BECOMING MORE INTELLIGENT, HE FEELS HE WILL LOSE ME, HIS ONLY

LIVING BROTHER. WHAT HE DOESN'T SEE IS INTELLIGENCE IS RELATIVE AND MY PERSONALITY WILL REMAIN THE SAME AS IT DOES NOT
CHANGE FOR THE MOST PART WITH AN INCREASE IN INTELLIGENCE. AN INCREASE IN MULTIPLE THOUGHT FLUIDITY COMPREHENSION WHICH IS THE WAY PEOPLE ARE AND WILL MOVE TO USING FOR EVERYDAY LIFE.
WE ARE ON OUR WAY TO THE CITY WITH A FULL TANK OF GAS AND A DRIVERS SIDE WINDOW THAT WILL NOT GO UP WHILE IT STARTS TO RAIN. IT IS ONLY 38 DEGREES OUTSIDE AS WE HEAD TO
THE CITY, WE DON'T KNOW EXACTLY WHERE WE ARE GOING, WHAT SHOW JOSEPH DEACETIS GAVE US TICKETS FOR OR WHAT TIME IT STARTS. ALL I KNOW IS FIFTY PERCENT WAS PRESENTED AND I CHOSE
LIFE EXPERIENCE AND I WAS GOING TO HAVE A GOOD TIME. GOING 80 MILES PER HOUR THE WIND AND WATER IS STARTING TO BECOME UNBEARABLE SO I TELL JIM HE CAN FIX THE
WINDOW BUTTON MODULE, HE IS SMART ENOUGH TO FIGURE IT OUT, HE DOUBTS ME BUT IS INTRIGUED. WHILE DRIVING I DISCONNECT THE MODULE AND HAND IT TO HIM ALONG WITH THE MULTITOOL I CARRY.
ABOUT ONE HOUR INTO THE TRIP AND MULTIPLE TRIES AT FIXING IT HE FINALLY ABLE TO TAKE IT APART. WHILE I WAS DRIVING HE REACHED OVER, HOOKED IT BACK UP AND MADE THE WINDOW GO
BACK UP. THE EXCITEMENT ON HIS FACE AFTER FIGURING OUT HOW TO SOLVE A PROBLEM THAT HE HAS NO PRIOR TRAINING ON IS ALL I SEEK IN LIFE FOR MY BROTHER.
THE SENSE THAT HE CAN ACCOMPLISH GREAT FEATS WITH CONFIDENCE AND PROBLEM SOLVING. HE DOESNT KNOW IT BUT HE USED THE HOLM-BONFERRONI METHOD WHICH IS COMING UP WITH
MULTIPLE HYPOTHESES AS TO WHAT THE PROBLEM COULD BE, TESTING HIS THEORY, AND UNDERSTANDING THE RESULTS TO USE TO FORM HIS NEXT HYPOTHESIS. THIS CREATES DATA TO TROUBLESHOOT AGAINST, PROCESS OF ELIMINATION AND STRATEGIC LOGISTICAL

THINKING TO SET UP A POSSIBLE SOLUTION TO TEST AND SOLVE THE PROBLEM.
I SAW THIS LONG CONVOLUTED EXPLANATION INTO HIS ACTIONS AND HE JUST SAW IT IN THE SIMPLEST OF TERMS OF LUCK AND NOT BEING DUMB. THIS SADDENS ME BUT I KNOW WHAT HE DID,
HOW HE DID IT, AND ONE DAY HE WILL UNDERSTAND SO HE CAN REPLICATE IT AND APPLY IT TO REAL LIFE SITUATIONS, I HAVE HOPE. UNFORTUNATELY GO TO EXPLAIN THIS AND ITS  JUST CRAZY
BORDERLINE SCOTT TALK. I LAUGH BECAUSE ITS FUNNY!!!!!!!! AND SHOWS HE CARES ABOUT ME, IT MAKES ME HAPPY. NOW THE MOOD IS ELEVATED AND THE MUSIC IS RESONATING AT A FREQUENCY I CAN
FEEL. WE ARE CRUISING ONTO BETTER THINGS. BEFORE WE GOT TO THE CITY WE STOPPED AT A REST STOP. AT THE REST STOP I SAW THE SIMILARITIES IN THE PEOPLE AND AREA. I GUESS IT WAS A LARGE
RUSSIAN CONGREGATION. ONCE I SAW THIS FROM THE PARKING LOT THE FACIAL STRUCTURE WAS FOREIGN TO ME AND ACCENTS WERE INCONCERNABLE.
WE STOPPED BECAUSE JESS NEEDED TO PEE, SHE IS PREGNANT WITH MY CHILD, I ALSO NEEDED SUSTENANCE TO CONTINUE ON DRIVING. WE WENT INSIDE AND AFTER USING THE BATHROOM WE
FOUND A BURGER KING. JESS AND I HAVE A THING ABOUT NUGGETS, NUG LIFE, SO WE APPROACHED TO ORDER. JESS FELT THE GUY BEHIND THE COUNTER WAS JUDGING US, I KNEW HE WASNT IT WAS JUST HER
ANXIETY. SO SHE GOT UPSET AND LEFT. I ALSO KNEW SHE NEEDED SOME FOOD TOO, I ORDERED US SOME FOOD. AS WE WAITED JIM APPROACHED. WE STARTED TALKING
THE GUY BEHIND THE COUNTER. TURNS OUT HE IS FROM RUSSIA. WE ASKED WHERE IN RUSSIA, HE SAID WE WOULDN'T KNOW SO HE NEVER TOLD US BUT HE DID GIVE US SOME ADVICE.
HE SAID IF YOU EVER GO TO RUSSIA STAY IN MOSCOW BECAUSE THEY WILL KNOW ENGLISH, THE FURTHER YOU GO OUT YOU GET THE MORE PEOPLE WON'T UNDERSTAND YOU. THIS WAS GOOD ADVICE BUT JIM HAD TO ASK HIM HOW HE FELT ABOUT PUTIN, HE

REPLIED  PUTIN IS A JERK AND IT IS BETTER HERE. I WAS SURPRISED BUT I LOVED THE HONEST ANSWER. I GUESS THE GRASS IS NOT ALWAYS GREENER ON THE OTHER
SIDE OR THE SNOW ISNT LESS FRIGID ON THE OTHER HEMISPHERE. WE CONTINUED ONTO THE CITY, ANOTHER HOUR INTO THE RIDE I COME TO FIND OUT JIM IS HORRIBLE WITH DIRECTIONS AND COST
US FIFTEEN DOLLARS AND AN HOUR BACKTRACKING FROM NEW JERSEY. WE FINALLY MADE IT TO THE HAMPTON INN IN MANHATTAN. I'M GLAD WE MADE IT WITHOUT GETTING PULLED OVER AS I DO NOT HAVE
A CURRENT INSPECTION, OR A TRAVEL PASS FROM MY PROBATION OFFICER. ITS $45 TO PARK FOR 24HRS, DOESNT SEEM SO BAD FOR
NYC BUT IT IS NOW 5 OCLOCK AND JESS IS STRESSED. WE MET WITH THOMAS AT THE HOTEL, ROOM 101 FIRST ROOM TO THE RIGHT, FIRST FLOOR RIGHT. WE ALL GOT READY TO GO OUT AND I TEXTED JOSEPH DEACETIS FOR SHOW INFO AND HE TEXTED
BACK 50 VARICK, SO WE HAD OUR LOCATION AND HEADED OUT. ITS RAINING AND WE ARE WITHOUT UMBRELLAS. WE FINALLY MADE IT, ONCE WE GOT THERE THE SHOW WAS OVER. WE TEXTED
JOSEPH DEACETIS, HE DIDN'T REPLY FOR SOME TIME BUT FINALLY REPLIED WITH  SORRY, SHOWS OVER NEXT ONE IS AN HOUR AWAY, I'M GOING TO GO HOME AND VIBE OUT THE REST OF THE NIGHT AND LET YOU KNOW. JESS IS GETTING VERY UPSET AT THIS POINT, UNDERSTANDABLY.

I KNEW MY 50/50 RULE DID NOT LEAD ME ARRAY, WE TOLD THE SECURITY GUARD AT THE FRONT WE HAVE TICKETS, WE ARE WITH JOSEPH DEACETIS, HE SAID HE DID NOT SEE IT TRY AROUND BACK. SO
LIKE A FLOCK OF LOST BIRDS FIND OUR WAY TO THE BACK. INSTEAD OF SPEAKING WHEN WE GET THERE WE TOOK ACTION AND JUST FOLLOWED EVERYONE INSIDE.
WE FOUND OUR WAY INTO THE DRESSING ROOM WITH THE DESIGNER PYER MOSS.CLOTHING ON HANGERS, WE KNOW WE GOT LUCKY AND DECIDED TO HAVE FUN WITH IT. WE
CONTINUED ONTO THE RUNWAY FROM THE DRESSING ROOM, WE SAT DOWN ON THE SEATS ON THE RUNWAY. THIS IS WHEN JESS COULDNT

TAKE IT ANY MORE, SHE HAD AN ANXIETY ATTACK. SHE LEFT AS SHE FEARED GETTING CAUGHT. I FELT I HAD TO STAY FOR LIFE EXPERIENCE. HOW MANY TIMES IN YOUR LIFE CAN YOU SNEAK INTO A RUNWAY SHOW AND GET AWAY WITH IT?

JOSEPH DEACETIS DECEIVED US JOSEPH DEACETIS SAYING HE WAS HEADED BACK HOME AND WOULD GET BACK TO US WITH WHAT'S VIBING IN THE CITY.
OKAY, YES, WE WERE LATE UNDERSTANDABLE. AS PEOPLE FILL THE ROOM IT IS THE MOST BEAUTIFUL BALANCE OF AMBIANCE AND WE STOOD
WITH THE PHOTOGRAPHERS AND THATS WHEN JIM POINTED OUT JOSEPH DEACETIS IS A GUEST. SO, I TOLD JIM IM GOING UP TO HIM TO SAY HI
THINKING IT WAS NOT HIM. SURE ENOUGH IT WAS HIM! HE LOOKED SHOCKED, SEE. THOMAS AND JIM APPROACHED AND WE ALL TALKED. HE ASKED HOW DID YOU GET IN? I TOLD HIM THOMAS IS CEO OF
STATEVIEW CAPITAL AND WE JUST MADE A FEW PHONE CALLS. I GOT A GOOD LAUGH OUT OF THAT. I GAVE HIM MY BUSINESS CARD AND THOMASS AND TOOK SOME PHOTOS THEN PROCEEDED TO TAKE OUR SEATS. HE DID INVITE US TO THE

AFTER PARTY WHICH WAS VERY NICE, NOW WE HAD SOMETHING TO DO AFTER. IN MY HEAD I JUST THOUGHT ABOUT HOW HAPPY I WAS, I FINALLY
HAD A PLACE TO WEAR MY JEREMY SCOTT SHOES, I BOUGHT THEM THREE YEARS AGO. JESS WAS TEXTING ME, HER BATTERY WAS AT 3% AND SHE WAS IN THE RAIN. I FELT BAD LIKE IT WAS MY FAULT BUT I KNEW IT WASNT. SHE
DECIDED TO LEAVE AND THIS IS MY LIFE EXPERIENCE, I COULDNT LEAVE AND RESENT HER AS THIS WOULD BE A REPEAT OF MY LIFE WITH MY EX
GIRLFRIEND OF 10 YEARS. I STAYED AND I DONT REGRET IT AS I GOT TO SEE AN I.M.G. RUNWAY SHOW FOR FREE AND SNUCK IN LIKE A BOSS. WE ONLY
STAYED FOR FIVE MINUTES BECAUSE I DO LOVE JESS, SHE IS A DIFFERENT HUMAN, BUT STILL A GIRL. I TOLD THOMAS AND JIM WE HAD TO GO SO WE GOT PICTURES AND LEFT.
ON THE WAY OUT I STOPPED AND SHOOK THE SECURITY GUARDS HAND AND SAID YOU ARE DOING A GREAT JOB I SMILED INSIDE FROM THIS, I LOVE LIVING LIFE AS I SEE REALITY WHILE STILL BEING RESPONSIBLE
TAKING INTO ACCOUNT RESPECT FOR EVERYONE ELSE'S LIFE EXPERIENCE. WE GOT OUTSIDE, MY PHONE WAS DEAD AT THIS POINT BUT WE STILL
FOUND JESS. SHE LOOKED AT ME WITH SUCH ANGER LIKE I DID SOMETHING TO HER. I CAN UNDERSTAND HER BEING UPSET BUT FROM THE BEGINNING I
TOLD HER WE ARE JUST FRIENDS AS I WILL ALWAYS BE THERE FOR HER, ALWAYS LOVE HER, BUT I AM ON MY OWN LIFE JOURNEY, MY LIFE EXPERIENCE, IN THE END WE ALL DIE ALONE LIKE EVERY OTHER MAMMAL.

WE WALKED TO FIND FOOD, ON OUR WALK YOU COULD CUT THE TENSION WITH A KNIFE, FOR WHAT I DONT KNOW, I DONT FEEL WELL AT THIS
POINT AND WE WALKED FOR WHAT FELT LIKE ANOTHER HOUR. WE FINALLY FOUND A PLACE TO EAT IN LITTLE ITALY. THIS PLACE WAS AMAZING AND GOT
ME THINKING ABOUT A NETFLIX DOCUMENTARY. IN IT THEY SPOKE ABOUT HOW THE MORE DENSELY POPULATED AN AREA THE BETTER THE QUALITY OF LIFE WAS BY 15%. AT THIS PLACE I
COULD SEE THAT AS IT WAS BEAUTIFUL AND THE CALAMARI WAS UNIQUELY DELICIOUS. AFTER EATING WE WENT BACK TO THE HOTEL. JESS WAS STILL UPSET WITH ME BUT WE BOTH DIDNT FEEL WELL. SHE
WANTED CIGARETTES AND I WANTED CXS. WE LOOKED UP A DUANE READ THAT WAS OPEN 24HRS, THE CLOSEST ONE, IT IS ELEVEN PM OR 2300. ON
OUR WALK WE TALKED, SHE MADE ME OUT TO BE THE BAD GUY SO I SNAPPED FOR THE FIRST TIME IN A LONG TIME AND YELLED HOW SELFISH SHE WAS BEING, HOW I TAKE CARE OF EVERYONE AND NEVER GET TO DO
WHAT I WANT. SHE STARTED TO CRY, I FELT BAD BUT SO DID SHE. WE MADE UP AND I PROMISED NOT TO LEAVE HER AGAIN. AFTER GETTING BACK TO THE HOTEL I
DID MINE AND SHE DID HER SO WE FELT BETTER. FROM HERE JESS AND I WANTED TO STAY AT THE HOTEL BUT JIM AND
THOMAS WANTED US TO GO WITH THEM TO THE AFTER PARTY. AFTER HAVING THEM PRACTICALLY BEG US TO GO WE DECIDED WE WOULD GO. THIS WOULD BE A MISTAKE I LATER REGRET. THOMAS AND I TRIED
ACTING LIKE BOSSES TO GET INTO THESE CLUBS BECAUSE JOSEPH DEACETIS DID NOT ANSWER US AFTER INVITING US OUT, WHICH I UNDERSTOOD
BECAUSE AGAIN WE WERE RUNNING ON OUR TIME. WE TRIED THREE PLACES BUT IT DIDNT WORK OUT, OUR NIGHT TURNED OUT TO BE SIMILAR TO AN EPISODE OF HOW I MET YOUR MOTHER.
I TRIED THE STANDARD HOTEL TO SEE IF JOSEPH DEACETIS WAS THERE BUT THE FRONT DESK INFORMED US HE WAS NOT STAYING THERE. WE
HEADED BACK TO OUR HOTEL AFTER SITTING UNDER RED HEATING LAMPS IN THE CITY OUTSIDE THE STANDARD LIKE REPTILES CONTEMPLATING.
2018/02/11- 
MY FRIENDS TOLD ME IF I EVER SAY THE NAME JOSEPH DEACETIS AGAIN I WILL BE MURDERED, I CHUCKLED. I DECIDED TO TEXT HIM TO SEE WHAT HE WAS UP TO. HE EVENTUALLY
REPLIED WHAT HAPPENED TO YOU GUYS LAST NIGHT?AFTER PYER MOSS WE WENT BACK TO A COLLEAGUES AT THE STANDARD THEN WENT TO THE CLUB AND MET PLAYBOI CARDI. LAST
NIGHT WOULD HAVE FIT AS AN EPISODE OF HOW I MET YOUR MOTHER, WE HAD A GREAT FUCKING TIME. REMEMBER THE RULE, BETWEEN 50 AND FIFTY IS ZERO. YOU ALWAYS WANT TO RESONATE LIKE A PLUCKED STRING AROUND
ZERO, NEVER GOING TOO FAR OVER FIFTY OR TO FAR BELOW 50. THIS IS THE FORMULA FOR GOOD LIFE EXPERIENCE.

WISDOM OF THE CROWD ITS THE COLLECTIVE OPINION OF A GROUP OF INDIVIDUALS RATHER THAN THAT OF ONE SINGLE EXPERT. ARISTOTLE IS CREDITED AS THE FIRST PERSON TO WRITE
ABOUT WISDOM OF THE CROWD IN HIS WORK TITLED POLITICS. THIS EFFECT IS EASILY UNDERMINED BY SOCIAL INFLUENCE AND WHEN THERE IS NOT A PRECISE ANSWER CROWDS CAN COME TO ARBITRARY CONCLUSIONS.
ASKING MORE THAN THREE TIMES REDUCES ACCURACY. HIGHER DIMENSIONAL PROBLEMS AND MODELING. THE BEST PHOTO EVER TAKEN IN THE WORLD, EVER. BY JESSICA JAKUBIAK

I THINK JOHNATHAN IS TRYING TO CONTACT ME THROUGH THIS PASSIVE LEARNING JOURNEY IM BEING LEAD ON. I KNOW JOHNATHAN IS STILL CONNECTED
AND WE ARE ALL CONNECTED BUT NEED A MEANS OF CONTACT AND RESONATE AT THE SAMEFREQUENCY, KNOW THE SAME THINGS, TO BECOME JOHNATHAN, I HAVE TO BE HIM TO TALK TO HIM AGAIN?

2018/02/12-
I WOKE UP TODAY AND MY FIRST FEELING WAS AGITATION. I LOOKED OVER AT JESS, SHE SAID TO ME IM FEELING GRUMPY AS FUCK, I THINK ITS MY HORMONES. I DON'T KNOW HOW MANY WEEKS SHE IS YET BUT TODAY WAS
OFF TO A FRICTIONAL START. I STAYED IN BED I JUST DIDNT WANT TO WAKE UP. JESS WAS UP AS IF SHE HAD TO BE UP BUT DIDNT WANT TO BE. AS I LAY
IN BED I CAN FEEL THE THICK ANXIETY TENSION IN THE AIR TELLING ME I NEED TO GET UP AND HELP IN BEING PRODUCTIVE.
I LOVE JESS SO MUCH I KNOW SHE FEELS THE SAME SO THERE IS NO ANIMOSITY BETWEEN US JUST A FUCKING FRICTIONAL DAY. IT STARTS
GETTING LATER IN THE MORNING, I KNOW I HAVE TO GET UP BUT ONCE I DO ITS GO,GO,GO, ALWAYS IS. I GET UP AND THE FIVE PUG PUPPIES WE HAVE THAT ARE NOW SIX WEEKS OLD LOOK VERY HUNGRY SO I GO TO MAKE THEM FOOD. JESS TOLD
ME SHE ALREADY DID IT, SHE IS THE BEST. TODAY THERE IS NO MONEY, NO FOOD, NO CIGARETTES. THIS MAKES FOR A BUNCH OF CRANKY BABIES WHO
WOULD COMPETE FOR THE BIG FAT BABY AWARD. IN MY OPINION IT IS STILL AN AWARD AND BEING NUMBER ONE IS MORE GRATIFYING THAN BEING THE BRONZE RECIPIENT OF THAT AWARD. I AM THE BIGGEST, FATTEST BABY TODAY

MY MOTHER COMES UPSTAIRS AND STARTS SAYING HOW IS IT THAT I BUILD UP SO MUCH STATIC, ONLY ME. THAT GOT ME THINKING AND I SAID IT OUTLOUD, IN
COMES JIM WITH THE  OH NO YES, HERE HE GOES AGAIN WITH HIS CRAZY THEORIES. BUT WHY IS MY MOTHER BUILDING UP SO MUCH OF A STATIC CHARGE? FROM THE DRY
ENVIRONMENT? THE BUILD UP OF LET'S SAY PROTONS ON HER SURFACE TO TOUCH AN AREA OF DENSE GATHERING OF ELECTRONS, THIS MOVEMENT IS AN ELECTROSTATIC DISCHARGE TO HAVE NEUTRALIZATION (50/50). (NANCY, MY MOM WITH BLUE HAIR, HA!)

THIS CONCEPT HAD ME THINKING HOW IT COULD RELATE TO A GOOD OR A BAD DAY. WE ALL HAVE GOOD OR BAD DAYS. YOU DONT KNOW WHAT
GOOD IS UNLESS YOU HAVE THE BAD, YOU NEED BOTH TO FUNCTION. I ALSO THINK IF GOOD AND BAD WAS A RATIO IT WOULD BE (1:2) AS LIKE SEASONS.
YOU ALWAYS HAVE WORSE WEATHER LIKE SNOW STORMS, COLD DAYS, HEATWAVES AND RAINY DAYS. THIS HELPS YOU APPRECIATE THE WARM
DAYS WITH LOW HUMIDITY. THIS IS WHAT MAKES YOU HAPPY, YOU NEED MORE NEGATIVES THAN POSITIVES SO THE POSITIVES CAN BE A STRONGER OR LARGER FEELING IN A WAY EQUATING ITSELF OUT TO EVEN IN ITS OWN WAY (50/50).

ME AND JESS WENT OUT TO CASH THE CHECK MY GRANDMOTHER SENT ME FOR FIFTY DOLLARS. WE WENT TO A CHECK CASHING PLACE, THEY
TOLD US THEY DONT CASH PERSONAL CHECKS. WE DECIDED TO CALL KEY BANK AS THEY HAVE A CHECK CASHING SERVICE, OVER THE PHONE THEY
SAID  YES, WE CAN CASH PERSONAL CHECKS FOR A $7 FEE. WE HEADED TO KEY BANK, WE GOT THERE AND I WENT IN. THE LADY AT THE FRONT DESK
SEEMED NICE BUT I KNOW SHE HAD ARROGANCE ABOUT HER. SHE TOLD ME I DONT HAVE AN ACCOUNT AND THEY CANNOT CASH PERSONAL CHECKS. AT THIS POINT I HAD TO FIGURE OUT A PLAN.
I CALLED PRICE CHOPPER, THE FOOD STORE, THEY CASH CHECKS BUT I NEED TO HAVE MY SHOPPER SAVINGS CARD. I DID NOT HAVE MY CARD AND THEY WOULD HAVE TO MAIL ME OUT ONE SO ANOTHER DEAD END. MY GAS
LIGHT WENT ON THE STRESS IS TURNED UP, NEGATIVE ENERGY BUILDING. JESS IS HUNGRY, HAS MY BABY IN HER AND FEELING GRUMPY FROM
FIRST WAKE. WE ARE TRENDING IN THE WRONG DIRECTION, ARE WE TRENDING THIS WAY FOR A REASON? WE WENT BACK HOME TO STRATEGIZE AND FORMULATE A PLOT. MY ADULT PUGS ARE HUNGRY TOO LOOKING AT ME WITH THOSE BIG MISDIRECTED EYES, I KNOW I HAVE TO FIGURE IT OUT
I SPOKE TO JIM AND ASKED HIM FOR MONEY, HE SAID YEAH. I HAVE MONEY I SAID REALLY? CMON! YOU HAVE MONEY? HE REPLIED, WELL YEAH, KIND OF, SHOW ME! HE GAVE ME HIS JAR OF CHANGE. THIS IS GOOD
BECAUSE THERE IS ENOUGH QUARTERS TO GET DOG FOOD AND CIGARETTES, SO THATS WHAT I DID. I CAME HOME AND FED THE DOGS. NOW I KNOW I HAVE TO GO TO PROBATION. APRIL IS MY PROBATION OFFICER BUT SHE IS A REAL PERSON, DOWN TO EARTH. I KNOW I MISSED MY CHECK IN DATE LAST MONDAY BUT

INSTEAD OF GOING TUESDAY I WOULD WAIT UNTIL NEXT MONDAY AND BLAME IT ON MY OUT OF DATE IPHONE CALENDAR. THIS IS WHERE I FEEL BAD ABOUT LYING, THIS A WHITE LIE THAT
HELPS CONTINUE THE TRUST SHE HAS IN ME WHICH SHE HAS NO REASON NOT TO AND THE OPENNESS I CAN BE WITH HER. SHE IS A GOOD PERSON SO I TELL HER EVERYTHING ABOUT THE CITY, ABOUT JIM, ME AND MY MOM. SHE
TOLD ME THAT JIM HAS HIS OWN PROBATION OFFICER AND THERE IS NO REASON FOR HER TO SHARE THAT INFORMATION BUT IF HE TRAVELS TO NYC
WITHOUT A TRAVEL PASS HE COULD BE IN TROUBLE. SHE SAID THIS IS BECAUSE WHEN YOU GO TO THE CITY WITHOUT NOTICE IT IS ASSUMED TO BE A DRUG RUN. I SEE HER POINT, SHE DOES NOT AGREE WITH HER SUPERVISOR
ON THE POLICIES IMPLEMENTED BUT SHE FOLLOWS THE RULES. SHE TOLD ME TO TELL JIM NOT TO SHARE HIS CITY EXPERIENCE WITH
HIS P.O. BECAUSE HE DIDNT GO ABOUT IT RIGHT EVEN THOUGH HE DID EVERYTHING RIGHT AND GOT NEW LIFE EXPERIENCE. I REALLY LIKE APRIL
BECAUSE SHE IS LOGICAL, SEES THE END TO BE FOR A POSITIVE CHANGE, SHE IS ACTUALLY DOING HER JOB CORRECT. I TOLD HER I WILL BE NEEDING A TRAVEL PASS BECAUSE I WILL BE ON
LONG ISLAND TO SEE THE LAWYER WHO GARNISHED MY WAGES THROUGH MY BANK USAA. I TOLD HER HOW WHEN I WAS 19 I HAD SURGERY THAT THE ANESTHESIA WASNT COVERED ACCORDING TO THE LONG ISLAND
ANESTHESIA PHYSICIANS LLC. I WAS BILLED FOR IT, IT WENT INTO COLLECTIONS AND ABOUT EIGHT YEARS LATER THEY DECIDED TO SUE ME FOR
IT BUT DID IT IN THE WRONG FUCKING WAY, MAKING A MOCKERY OF THECOURT SYSTEM. THIS CAUSED MY ACCOUNT TO BE NEGATIVE TWELVE 100DOLLARS (-1200)

HERE IS ANOTHER LIFE EXPERIENCE, I THOUGHT I WILL BE GOING TO LONG ISLAND TO SUE THIS LAWYER FOR THE AMOUNT THAT MY ACCOUNT IS NEGATIVE PLUS MY TRAVEL EXPENSES. THIS WILL COST $20 TO FILE, THAT IS
WHAT I TOLD APRIL. SHE SAID IF IT IS JUST A DAY THEN I WILL BE FINE JUST LET HER KNOW THE MORNING I GO, SO I WILL. I REALLY LIKE APRIL AS A HUMAN SHE
IS SUCH A GOOD PERSON. WE MADE PLANS TO MEET A MONTH FROM TODAY AND I LEFT THERE WITH GREAT ADVICE. I JUMPED INTO, MORE LIKE SLID INTO MY RED FORD MUSTANG
CONVERTIBLE AND PUT ON THE SONG LEMON WITH RIHANNA, I LIT A CIGARETTE AND DROVE HOME. IT WAS GETTING LATER IN THE DAY AND JESS
NEEDED TO GO TO HER MOMS TO RETURN THE PAN. SO THAT IS WHAT WE DID, ME, JIM AND JESS GOT IN THE CAR WITH WATER BOTTLES AND HEADED
TO JESSS MOMS AS SHE INVITED US OVER FOR DINNER . WE STOPPED AT WALMART TO RETURN THE BOTTLES BUT THE BINS WERE FULL AND WE HAD A DEADLINE SO WE LEFT. WE JUST WENT TO HER
PARENTS HOUSE, WHILE THERE HER MOM, KELLY, SAID SHE JUST OPENED A BANK ACCOUNT AT KEYBANK. THIS IS THE BANK WHERE YOU NEEDED AN ACCOUNT TO CASH A CHECK. THIS WAS THE OBVIOUS SOLUTION. WE SAID
TOMORROW WE WOULD GO TO THE BANK WITH KELLY AND CASH THE CHECKS, PROBLEM SOLVED.
AT JESSS MOMS HOUSE WE ALWAYS HAVE A GREAT TIME. I SWEAR THEY HAVE THE BEST FOOD IVE EVER HAD IN MY LIFE AT THAT HOUSE. BUT WHO WILL BELIEVE YOU? THE BEST FOOD PREPARED HERE, NO ONE SO ALL I COULD DO IS OVER COMPLIMENT ON THE AMAZING FOOD AND HOSPITALITY.

TONIGHT I WENT TO RESONATE BELOW THE 50/50. SEBASTIAN GAVE US ABOUT ONE 100 CIGARETTES AND SAID GIVE ME $25 WHEN YOU HAVE IT.
I WANTED TO RECIPROCATE THAT ACTION BY TRYING TO SELL 20 CIGGS AT A TIME FOR $5 DOLLARS EACH PACK. THIS WAS TAKEN AS AN INSULT AND I
KNOW HE DIDNT CARE. THEY ARE MY CIGGS BUT I JUST WANTED TO APPRECIATE HIM BY HELPING HIM BECAUSE I KNOW THEY HAVE NO MONEY
RIGHT NOW. THIS I SHOULD NOT HAVE DONE AS I CALLED ELECTRO AND TEXTED MARSHALL, BOTH PEOPLE I NEEDED TO KEEP UP WITH, BUT THE IDEA TO
MAKE MONEY FAILED AND I FELT BAD LIKE I DISRESPECTED HIS GRATUITY. THIS LEAD ME BACK INTO MY FEELING OF GUILT IN MY BRAIN, THAT'S
WHAT DEPRESSION IS, GUILT. I HAVE NOT FELT THIS FOR QUITE SOME TIME. WAS I MEANT TO FEEL THIS WAY? YOU NEED BAD TO KNOW WHAT GOOD IS,
YOU NEED SAD TO GAUGE HAPPINESS. THERE IS A POINT I LEFT OUT ON THE WAY TO JESSS MOMS HOUSE. I WENT TO TAKE A PICTURE OF THE CARS GAS LIGHT LOW FUEL WARNING. AS I
WENT TO TAKE THE PICTURE WITH MY IPHONE TO SEND TO MY DAD THE LIGHT WENT OFF SO I PUT THE PHONE DOWN AND THE LIGHT WENT BACK ON.
TO ME THAT IS A SIGN, THAT IS A SIGNAL FIRE, AN ACKNOWLEDGEMENT THAT IM ON THE RIGHT PATH BUT I SHOULD NOT SEND MY DAD THE PICTURE OF THE LOW FUEL LEVEL SO I DIDNT. TODAY I FIGURED OUT THAT I KNOW THE MEANING OF THIS BOOK,
THIS BOOK IS A 50/50. I HAVE THE RIGHT PUZZLE PIECES TO THE WHOLE PUZZLE BUT I ONLY HAVE ENOUGH TO FIGURE HALF OF IT OUT. I NEED YOU, THE WISDOM OF THE CROWD TO HELP ME FIGURE THIS OUT IM TRYING TO
FIGURE OUT WHAT IS ALREADY KNOWN BUT NOT UNDERSTOOD. I ASK YOU TO EMAIL ME AT SCOTT@BAKENATURALS.COM WITH THE OTHER 50 PERCENT SO WE CAN FIGURE THIS OUT TOGETHER, WISDOM OF THE CROWD. I HAVE A FEELING IM ON TO SOMETHING, IM BEING LEAD FIFTY % OF THE WAY IN THE RIGHT DIRECTION AND AS I PROGRESS I LEARN MORE AND

UNDERSTAND MORE. I ALSO KNOW THIS BOOK WILL BE 100 AND ELEVEN PAGES. ONE THROUGH 11, THINK ABOUT IT. I KNOW A GOOD DAY AND A BAD DAY HAS TO DO WITH PROTONS AND ELECTRONS DISCHARGING TO NEUTRALITY. YOU CANNOT HAVE A GOOD DAY
WITHOUT THE BAD ONES. THIS IS A MEANS OF TRAVEL FROM HIGH TO LOW, POSITIVE T NEGATIVE, GOOD DAY TO BAD DAYS (50-0-50).
SOMEHOW THIS CONCEPT, IDEA, WILL LEAD ME TO A TANGIBLE, REPLICABLE, STREAMLINED PRODUCT

RESONATE

THE RESET EFFECT PEOPLES BRAINS ARE LIKE COMPUTERS OR AN IPHONE. CONTROL, ALT, DELETE TO GET TO THE MAIN SETTINGS OR HOLD THE MIDDLE AND POWER BUTTON
TO RESET. I KNOW YOU USE A COMBINATION OF CLICKS AND FREQUENCIES AND THOUGHT PATTERN RECALL TO PUT A PERSON'S BRAIN INTO SLEEP MODE OR HIBERNATION. IT IS POSSIBLE AND IT IS REAL.
OUR BRAINS ARE JUST SUPERCOMPUTERS IS ALL THE CONTROLS ARE REAL LIFE KNOWLEDGE. THINK ABOUT IT CAST THE LINE OVERHEAD REEL IN THE CATCH.

2018/14/02- 1133 2333
I DIED AND CAME BACK THIS ISNT THE FIRST TIME. I CAN FEEL WHEN IM GOING TO STROKE OUT THIS FEELING OF ME DYING. I FEEL LIKE IM GOING TO DIE THEN I
LOSE MY MIND. I KNOW WHAT HAPPENS MY BRAIN ACTIVITY TO A POINT WHERE IM RESONATING AT ALMOST ZERO AND ONCE I HIT ZERO I DIE. MY BRAIN ACTIVITY
NEUTRALIZES AND STARTS OVER, I AM REBORN FROM THE SAME BODY, MY REALITY WARPED ITS LIKE IVE BEEN HERE BEFORE. I THINK IT IS BECAUSE I DIED TONIGHT AND CAME BACK TO LIFE, I DONT KNOW WHAT TO THINK ANYMORE.

2018/02/16 DOG GODDOGODOGOOD TODAY I WOKE UP, SO FAR SO GOOD. DOWN TO TWO DOGS OF THE LITTER. IM FACED WITH A MORAL DILEMMA, MATT SAID HE WANTS THE DOG BUT CANNOT PICK IT UP FOR AT LEAST
TWO WEEKS AND HE WILL GIVE ME 200 HUNDRED DOLLARS THIS WEDS. AND THEN TWO WEEKS FROM THEN WILL GIVE ME ANOTHER TWO $100.

LAST NIGHT MARLANA MESSAGED ME. SHE IS THE LADY WHO PICKED UP THE TWO DOGS. THE LADY WHO HAS THE MALE ADULT PUG THAT BRED WITH MY
5 YEAR OLD FEMALE PUG TO PRODUCE PUPPIES. WE MADE A CONTRACT, WAS MADE FOR HALF THE LITTER, WE MET ON HALLOWEEN. THAT WAS WHEN I WAS WITH MY HIGH SCHOOL GIRLFRIEND NICOLE, WE WERE TOGETHER FOR TEN YEARS, A DECADE, AND I DONTT REGRET THAT
LIFE EXPERIENCE. I THOUGHT I COULD SAVE NICOLE WHEN I ASKED HER TO BE MY GIRLFRIEND ON AUGUST 20TH, 2007, I FAILED AT THIS. WE CREATED A BEAUTIFUL LIFE, THEODORE WESLEY BAKER, A GIFT FROM GOD, HE LOVED BOWERS OUR PUG DOG.
MARLANA TOLD ME LATE LAST NIGHT SHE HAS SOMEONE WHO WILL BUY THE PUPPIE FOR 5 100$. THE SAME PUPPY I TOLD MY BUDDY MATT I WOULD SELL TO HIM 4 FOR HUNDRED DOLLARS. I NEED THE MONEY NOW, I
CANNOT SUPPORT TWO PUG DOG PUPPIES FOR 2 WEEKS TO A MONTH AN ELONGATE THE PAYMENT FOR A FRIEND OR CAN I? MORAL DILEMMA, MORE
MONEY FROM THIS NEW BUYER, SOONER PAYMENT AND LESS OF AN EXTENDED RESPONSIBILITY TO TWO DOGS. WE COULD JUST HAVE ONE LEFT
BY NEXT WEEK. SEEMS LIKE A SIMPLE, LOGICAL CHOICE BUT ITS NOT. THIS IS ME MAKING A DECISION FOR SOMEONE ELSE, BUT ITS THE RIGHT DECISION FOR THE RIGHT REASONS. MATT WILL HAVE TO EXTEND HIS
LEASE BECAUSE I CANNOT RENT MY APARTMENT TO HIM BECAUSE TANNER. MY BUDDY, SOLD HIS HOUSE TO SOMEONE ELSE THAT I WAS GOING TO BUY
FOR SIX 1000$, A FIXER UPPER. PLANS FALL THROUGH AND, ROLLED DOWNHILL. ITS NOT BAD ITS EXPECTED AND MANAGEABLE.
I WILL SELL THE PUPPY TO THIS NEW PERSON AND LET MATT DOWN GENTLY WITHOUT IMPLYING I MADE A DECISION FOR HIM BECAUSE HE WONT SEE IT THAT WAY, IF I DID IT WOULD MAKE THE SITUATION WORSE, WOULD

YOU OF DONE THE SAME THING? AS I WRITE THIS IT HAS NOT BEEN DONE YET BUT WILL COME TO FRUITION. I WANTED TO SLEEP IN ALL DAY TODAY, NOT TO BE BOTHERED BUT
PLANS NEVER GO ACCORDING TO PLAN. JIM WANTS ME TO TAKE ALEX NOW TO GET HIS TEMPORARY FOOD CARD AS HE WAS APPROVED FOR EMERGENCY FOOD STAMPS, ITS ALMOST
NOON. I TOLD JIM WE WILL GO AT 1 BECAUSE THEY GO TO LUNCH AT NOON, NOON IT WAS, SO MUCH FOR SLEEPING IN. BEFORE WE LEFT STEPHANIE CAME UP FROM THE BASEMENT, SHE IS
ALEXS GIRLFRIEND. I FEEL LIKE A LOT OF POSITIVE ENERGY WAS TAKEN OUT IN A NEGATIVE WAY THIS MORNING. WHAT HAPPENED NEEDED TO HAPPEN
BUT I DIDNT WANT IT TO HAPPEN. SO IT IS ONE OR THIRTEEN OCLOCK, I PULL MYSELF UP AND OUT OF BED, JESS KNOWS I DONT WANT TO GET UP AND CARES ABOUT ME SO MUCH TO EXPRESS HOW SHE FEELS TO EVERYONE ELSE, SHE IS THOUGHTFULL, I
LOVE HER. THE COPS WERE HERE LAST NIGHT BECAUSE OF ALEX IT WAS QUITE COMICAL. I EVEN MADE THE 911 DISPATCHER LAUGH,  WE HAVE A LOW
LEVEL OF INTELLIGENCE DISPUTE BETWEEN TWO PEOPLE. WHO QUITE LITERALLY COULDNT EXPRESS THEMSELVES PROPERLY TO SOLVE THE
PROBLEM. I CAME OUTSIDE, LISTENED, THEN TRANSLATED THE SITUATION TO EACH PARTY (ALEX AND SHAWN). THEY SHOOK HANDS AND WERE HAPPY
AGAIN WITH WORDS. I TOLD SHAUN GO HOME AND PUT A SHIRT ON, HES ALMOST A MINI EMINEM, AND SENT THE NICE COP ON HIS WAY TO SERVE AND
PROTECT, HE WAS A GOOD GUY. NOW WE HAD TO COME UP WITH A PLAN TO WORK WITH EVERYONE. WE TOLD ALEX STAY ON THE DOWN LOW BECAUSE THE BASEMENT IS NOT A

LEGAL APARTMENT AND NOW DOMINOS KNOWS WHERE HE LIVES FROM PRANK CALLS AND THE COPS KNOW NOW SO HE HAS NOT BEEN DOING A
GREAT JOB AT THAT. HE UNDERSTOOD AND WILL CALM DOWN. TO AVOID THE GLUTTONY AND OVER ABUNDANCE OF PEOPLE IN MY APARTMENT WE
BECAME ORGANISED. JESS AND I CAME UP WITH PIZZA FRIDAY NIGHTS AND GO SATURDAYS TO BREAKFAST AT NANCYS, SHE IS MY MOM, AND SUNDAY
IS PASTA DAY AT THREE PM OR 1500. THIS WILL LOOSEN THE FRUSTRATION AND EVERYONE WILL BE HAPPY. WE SET OFF IN THE RED MUSTANG TO SOCIAL SERVICES TO GET ALEX
HIS FOOD CARD. WHEN WE GOT THERE THEY TOLD US HE NEEDED HIS SOCIAL SECURITY CARD. WE HEADED BACK HOME. I UNLOCKED THE DOOR, UNLOCKED THE LOCKED ROOM AND GOT THE 
CARD FROM THE SAFE, JESS ASKED ME TO GRAB CIGARETTES, SO I DID. ON MY WAY OUT JOHNATHAN CONTACTED ME . THE HANDHELD MONSTER SPEAKER SITTING ON THE TABLE SAID GOODBYE ON MY WAY OUT THE DOOR. THIS GAVE ME THE
KNOWLEGE THAT I WAS ALREADY THERE A THOUGHT I FELT TO BE WRITTEN. IT WAS AN OPPORTUNITY WITH THE FLUID MOTION OF TIME AND LIFE
WITH THE SPEAKER RUNNING OUT OF POWER AT THAT MOMENT THE THE OPPORTUNITY FOR JOHNATHAN TO CONTACT ME, HE DID, HE SENT THE BEST
MESSAGE HE COULD, A THOUGHTFULL ONE OF CARING. GOODBYE ON MY WAY OUT OF THE APARTMENT AN ALMOST FEELING OF BE SAFE, THE LOVE, I KNOW IT WAS JOHNATHAN.

WE WENT BACK TO SOCIAL SERVICES TO GET THE FOOD CARD AND WE GOT IT ALL RIGHT BUT NO MONEY FOR FOOD WAS ON IT. IT IS NOW JIM TELLS ME HE NEEDS TO GO TO PROBATION AND ALEX
NEEDS TO GO TO STEELE AVE TO GET HIS PAYCHECK TO GET HIS POWER CORD FOR HIS XBOX. ALL I WANT TO DO IS LISTEN TO MUSIC, FEEL MUSIC, BUT EVERYONE IS TALKING. JESS TURNS DOWN THE MUSIC SO I START
GETTING AGITATED. THIS IS WHEN I REALISE I FOUND THE FIRST KEY TO ACCESS. THIS IS A EUREKA MOMENT. DO YOU EVER REALISE YOU CAN REMEMBER THE LYRICS
TO A SONG FROM 10 YEARS AGO WITHOUT THINKING BUT WHEN YOU HEAR THE SONG YOU REMEMBER EVERYTHING? THAT IS A THOUGHT FEELING.
THERE IS A GUY IN ENGLAND WHO CAUGHT SOME RARE BRAIN DISEASE, IM UNSURE WHAT EXACTLY HAPPENED, BUT WHAT I TOOK FROM THE
DOCUMENTARY IS THAT HE ONLY HAS ABOUT 30 SECONDS OF MEMORY, COULDN'T REMEMBER HIS KIDS BUT IF YOU PUT HIM IN FRONT OF A PIANO
HE CAN PLAY, BEAUTIFULLY. I CALL THIS AS S.V.U. DETECTIVE MUNCH CALLS IT AN INSTINCTIVE SAVANT, I BELIEVE IT TO BE AN INTUITIVE SAVANT, THAT IS WHAT IM CALLING IT, THATS WHAT JOHNATHAN WAS AN INTUITIVE SAVANT.

THE WEIRD PART ABOUT THIS REALISATION IS THE EPISODE OF SVU WHERE MUNCH USES THIS IS THE EPISODE WHERE I WOKE JOHNATHAN UP
AT 3AM WHILE WATCHING THAT EPISODE OF SVU BECAUSE THE GUY PLAYING THE VILLAIN WHO ABDUCTED OLIVIA BENSON HAS THE SAME INNUENDOS
AND LOOKS JUST LIKE JOHNATHAN, EVEN WEIRDER, MORE WEIRD? IS HE TOOK HER TO YAPHANK WHICH IS NEXT TO BELLPORT, N.Y. WHERE WE GREW
UP AS KIDS. JOHNATHAN, I COULD STILL HEAR HIM SAY HOLY SHIT!, WHAT THE FUCK! HA, HA IN REACTION TO THIS DOPPELGANGER. IT WAS A SPECTACULAR MOMENT AND TODAY I FEEL WAS THE UNDERSTANDING OF THAT WEIRD OCCURRENCE. EVERYTHING HAPPENS FOR A REASON (50/50)

THE BONFERRONI METHOD ALSO THE HOLM-BONFERRONI METHOD USED TO COUNTERACT THE PROBLEM OF MULTIPLE COMPARISONS. TEXT: IT IS INTENDED TO CONTROL THE FAMILY WISE ERROR
RATE AND OFFERS A SIMPLE TEST UNIFORMLY MORE POWERFUL THAN THE BONFERRONI CORRECTION. IT IS ONE OF THE EARLIEST USAGES OF
STEPWISE ALGORITHMS IN SIMULTANEOUS INFERENCE NAMED AFTER STURE HOLM, WHO CONFIDED THE METHOD WITH CARLO BONFERRONI. MOTIVATION WHEN CONSIDERING MULTIPLE HYPOTHESIS PROBLEM OF
MULTIPLICITY ARISES. MORE HYPOTHESES WE CHECK THE PROBABILITY OF A TYPE 1 ERROR(FALSE POSITIVE) THE HOLM-BONFERRONI METHOD IS ONE OF MANY
APPROACHES THAT CONTROL THE FAMILY WISE ERROR RATE. (THE PROBABILITY THAT ONE OR MORE TYPE 1 ERRORS WILL OCCUR)
BY ADJUSTING THE REJECTION CRITERIA OF EACH OF THE INDIVIDUAL HYPOTHESES OR COMPARISONS. HOTCHBURG PROCEDURMORE POWERFUL BY CONSTRUCTION HOWEVER THE HOTCHBERG
PROCEDURE REQUIRES THE HYPOTHESES TO BE INDEPENDENT OR UNDER CERTAIN CERTAIN FORMS OF POSITIVE DEPENDENCE. WHEREAS HOLM-BONFERRONI CAN BE APPLIED WITHOUT SUCH ASSUMPTIONS

I WAS GETTING IRRITATED IN THE CAR ABOUT THE MUSIC SO I DROPPED JIM OFF AT PROBATION, THEN STOPPED TO PICK UP THE MONEY FOR ALEXS XBOX CORD. THE GUY HE
WORKED FOR ACTUALLY ORDERED THE CORD FOR HIM AND WAS TEACHING ALEX TO DRIVE, SEEMS LIKE A NICE GUY. I REALISED THE KEY TO EVERYONE LEARNING, GETTING EVERYONE ON THE SAME PAGE IS RESONATING AROUND THE SAME FREQUENCY. THIS CAN BE DONE BY FEELING
MUSIC, SO LISTEN TO, WELL  HERE, NEXT PAGE I WILL EXPLAIN. IM A LITTLE O.C.D. AND NEED
AN ORGANISED CLEAN THOUGHT TO WRITE THIS

TUNING INWARD TO RESONATE AROUND THE SAME FREQUENCY BY TUNING OUT. IN A CLUB EVERYONE FEELS THE MUSIC 1 GET EVERYONE ON THE SAME PAGE, PICK A SONG EVERYONE IN THE ROOM LIKES, OR CAN GET INTO.
2 IT NEEDS TO BE LOUD ENOUGH TO FEEL THE BASS 3 NOW EVERYONE NEEDS TO KNOW THE WORDS AND HAVE AN EMOTIONAL FEELING TO THE WORDS.
4 INSTEAD OF SINGING OUTWARD SING INWARD, SCREAM INWARD WITH FEELING WHILE UNDERSTANDING AND FEELING THE SONG IN YOUR OWN WAY - THIS WILL GET EVERYONE'S BRAIN WAVES TRAVELING ALONG THE
SAME ROAD AND WILL ALLOW US ALL TO RESONATE ALONG THE SAME FREQUENCY. WE ARE ALL CONNECTED WE FEEL EACH OTHERS BAD DAYS AND A
LITTLE RUBS OFF ON US BY INTERACTING WITH EACH OTHER. WE ALL NEED TO GET INTO TUNE WITH EACH OTHER, RESONATE AT THE
SAME FREQUENCY TO FEEL, TO UNDERSTAND, TO LEARN. THIS IS THE BEST WAY TO TEACH CHILDREN GET THEM ALL ON THE
SAME LEVEL, EACH WILL HAVE THEIR OWN KNOWLEDGE CAPACITY BUT THINK FEELING FLUIDITY COMPREHENSION WILL BE ON THE SAME LEVEL. THIS RESONATES WITH ME _

KNOWING THIS IS THE FIRST STOP INTO CONTACTING JOHNATHAN FROM THE OTHER SIDE. JIM, JOHN AND I SPOKE ONCE IN THE BACK APARTMENT, A LITTLE OVER A YEAR AND A HALF
AGO, IF ANY OF US DIES WE WOULD CONTACT EACH OTHER FROM THE OTHER SIDE AND JOHNATHAN IS KEEPING GOOD ON HIS WORD AND SO AM I.

WE FINALLY ACTIVATED THE FOOD CARD BUT THERE WAS NO MONEY ON IT, ON THE WAY HOME WE STOPPED AT WALMART. IT WAS JESS, JIM AND I AT WALMART, WE GOT DINNER,
PIZZA, CXS, AND DRINKS. I DROPPED EVERYONE OFF AT HOME, IT WAS THREE30 OR 1530. JIM WANTED TO MAKE PIZZA BUT THERE WAS NO TIN FOIL SO I SAID THAT WE HAD TO
DRIVE JESSS MOM TO THE STORE SO WE WOULD GO AND GET TIN FOIL, DRIVE KELLY AND WASH OUR BLANKETS AND PILLOW CASES AT THE LAUNDROMAT.
WE LEFT DROPPED THE BLANKETS OFF FIRST THEN WENT AND PICKED KELLY UP. WE DROVE TO PRICE CHOPPER, THAT'S A FOOD STORE UP HERE. BEFORE WE GET TO THE STORE
JESS INTERRUPTED KELLY WHILE IN THE MIDDLE OF A CONVERSATION WITH MOM!!, IM PREGNANT!!! I FELT THE COLOR LEAVE MY FACE, KELLY DIDN'T KNOW WHAT TO SAY AND
SHE STARTED TO STUTTER. ABOUT 60 SECONDS WE ARE WALKING INTO THE STORE, SHE SPOKE HER FIRST COHERENT WORD, CONGRATULATIONS! SHE SAID SHE IS JUST SHOCKED,
HAPPY, BUT SHOCKED. IT'S UNDERSTANDABLE BUT I LOVE THAT JESS DID THAT. I TOLD THEM I WOULD MEET THEM LATER AS I HAD TO GO TO THE PHARMACY. YOU
SEE, SEBASTIAN, KELLYS BOYFRIEND, MY FRIEND, HAD A DIABETIC EPISODE TWO NIGHTS AGO AND NOW CANNOT RAISE HIS RIGHT HAND UP. HE ALSO HAS WEAKNESS IN HIS RIGHT
HAND WITH GRIP. I DID SOME TESTS ON HIM, I DON'T BELIEVE IT WAS A STROKE, I BELIEVE HE DAMAGED HIS XI CRANIAL NERVE, HE WAS HAVING TROUBLE WALKING AND NOW
CANNOT DRIVE. THAT IS WHY I DROVE KELLY TODAY. HE IS REFUSING TO GO TO THE HOSPITAL. THIS IS CONCERNING SO I DO WHAT I CAN AND I RESEARCHED.
I FOUND ALPHA LIPOIC ACID MIGHT HELP BUT ITS BETTER ADMINISTERED I.V. SO I CAN ONLY GET IT IN PILL FORM. THERE WAS A GERMAN STUDY SHOWING POSITIVE
RESULTS AT 1800MG FOR 3 WEEKS. I WILL TRY THIS FOR HIM. I COULDN'T FIND IT IN THE PHARMACY. I SPOKE TO THE PHARMACIST AND HE WAS VERY KIND, HE HELPED ME LOOK
BUT TO NO (CANNOT THINK OF THE WORD FOR THIS), WE DID NOT FIND IT. HE WAS KIND ENOUGH TO SAY HE COULD ORDER IT FOR ME AND EVEN READ TO ME THE INACTIVE INGREDIENTS.


I ORDERED THE 600MG ONE FOR $FIFTEEN.00. I DID NOT HAVE TO PAY I COULD PICK IT UP MONDAY HE SAID. HE TRUSTED ME, WE UNDERSTOOD EACH OTHER WITHOUT WORDS,
THIS MADE ME HAPPY, HE WOULDNT UNDERSTAND WHAT I KNOW BUT I KNOW HE FELT IT, IF HE DIDNT I WOULDNT OF UNDERSTOOD. I FOUND KELLY AND JESS, WE WERE ABOUT DONE BUT WE HAD TO GRAB ASPRIN
FOR SEBASTIAN TOO. IM GLAD HE REMEMBERED WHAT I SAID AND WROTE IT ON HIS SHOPPING LIST. I HATE SHOPPING FOR FOOD, MOSTLY, IM GLAD THAT WAS OVER. THE LAUNDROMAT WAS NEXT DOOR SO I PUT THE BLANKETS IN THE DRYER FOR THIRTY4 MINUTES AND WENT
BACK TO KELLYS. I EXPLAINED TO SEBATIAN MY HYPOTHESES AND HE SEEMED TO BE ON BOARD. LATER IN THE NIGHT I EXPLAINED TO JIM MY THEORY, THIS IS AFTER JESS READ PART
OF THE PAST FEW PAGES AND I HAD TO EXPLAIN IT TO HER, JIMMY OVERHEARD, THIS WAS MEANT TO HAPPEN BECAUSE AFTER TALKING TO JIM I THINK HE IS FINALLY STARTING TO BELIEVE, STARTING TO THINK ABOUT IT


CONSPIRACY THEORY IM NOT ONE FOR CONSPIRACY THEORIES AS BEING SKEPTICAL WILL KEEP YOU ALIVE BUT A CONSPIRACY THEORY SIMPLY IMPLIES THAT IM TOO LAZY TO
FIGURE IT OUT, TO UNDERSTAND. GO FIGURE IT OUT, PROVE YOURSELF CORRECT. A FACT IS BASED OFF UNDERSTANDING THE THEORY THROUGH PROOF AND KNOWLEDGE. HERE IS MY
CONSPIRACY THEORY AT NIGHT DO YOU HEAR THE RINGING IN YOUR EARS, NOT TINNITUS THE SOUND OF THE TV BEING TURNED ON? THE FREQUENCY NOISE? SOME PEOPLE SAY IT KEEPS THEM UP AT NIGHT.
I THINK IVE ALWAYS HEARD IT BUT LIKE YOU STOP THINKING ABOUT THE CLOTHS AND HOW THEY FEEL ON YOUR BODY THROUGHOUT THE DAY BECAUSE YOUVE DONE THIS EVERYDAY OF YOUR LIFE YOU STOP THINKING OF THAT NOISE
THAT NO LONGER KEEPS YOU UP AT NIGHT, BUT ITS THERE. WHAT IF EVERYONE IS BEING CONTROLLED THROUGH A MASS FREQUENCY RESONATING STATION MAKING ALL HUMANS COMPLIANT? IM NOT TALKING MIND
CONTROL JUST HIGHLY SUGGESTIVE THOUGHT MANIPULATION BY GETTING EVERYONES BRAINS TO RESONATE AROUND THE SAME FREQUENCY THEN WITH
NEWS AND SOCIAL MEDIA PUTTING OUT A MASS SUGGESTIVE THOUGHT PATTERN TO MAKE PEOPLE SUBMISSIVE, IT WOULDNT BE A HARD THING TO DO.
HAVE YOU EVER FELT LIKE THIS YEAR CHRISTMAS JUST DIDN'T FEEL LIKE CHRISTMAS? OR ISNT IT WEIRD THIS YEAR HOW MANY PEOPLE DIDNT PUT LIGHTS ON THEIR HOUSE? WE ALL FEEL TOGETHER, WE ARE ALL CONTROLLED TOGETHER.

20EIGHTEEEN/0TWO/9TEEN
THE FORMULA
THE MULTITUDE OF UNDERSTANDING THROUGH FLUIDITY OF THOUGHT, THE THINK FEELING METHOD, TRANSITIONAL LUBRICATION MATHMATIC EQUATION THROUGH TIME AS
THE ONLY CONSTANT, REMAINDER OF EQUATION DATA VARIABLE BASED UPON THE INDIVIDUAL. EMAIL WILL BE SENT ONCE COMPLETE, YOU CANNOT RUSH TIME, ONLY TIME WILL TELL.

THE BEST JOB I HAD, AND IVE WORKED AT MANY DIFFERENT PLACES FOR VARIOUS PEOPLE IN DIFFERENT CAPACITIES, SECOND TO LAST JOB WAS A SUPERVISOR PARAMEDIC
FOR A WHOLE COUNTY, WAS WALMART DISTRIBUTION. I MADE UP TO $TWENTY2.FIFTY/HR, AND THATS NOT TIME AND A HALF. THAT WAS MY FAVORITE JOB WHERE I GOT PAID THE MOST OF ANY OF MY OTHER
JOBS WHICH IS A SCARY THOUGHT FOR ANYONE WHO IS HAVING AN EMERGENCY AND NEEDS AN AMBULANCE. MY SIX YEARS OF TRAINING AND SCHOOLING, INTERNING, DEALING
WITH ARCHAIC INITIATION ROUTINES EVERY TIME. I WORKED AT A NEW AGENCY ALL FOR NO BENEFITS AND AN ENDING CAP WAGE OF A WHOPPING $ 7TEEN.50/HR. IT WASNT MY FAVORITE JOB BECAUSE OF THE PAY, IT WAS
EVERYTHING ABOUT IT. FROM THE PEOPLE TO HOW THE COMPANY WAS RUN, CHANGED MY VIEW ON LIFE. ONCE YOU GET IN TUNE WITH LIFE AND START UNDERSTANDING THINGS WILL JUST
HAPPEN FOR THE GOOD AND BAD FOR YOU, FROM A FEW PAGES INTO THE BOOK I KNEW I WANTED IT TO BE 1HUNDRED AND 11 PAGES, I ALSO KNEW THIS BOOK IS 50/50 SO YOU
WILL GET HALF THE KNOWLEDGE AND HAVE TO FIGURE OUT THE OTHER HALF. ITS NOT UNTIL NOW I REALIZED THAT I ALREADY KNEW THE BOOK WAS GOING TO BE FIFTY5.5
PAGES. ITS LIKE SETTING AN ALARM ON YOUR PHONE TO GET UP IN THE MORNING TO GO TO WORK AND WAKING UP A MINUTE BEFORE IT GOES OFF.

THIS CONCEPT, THINK FEELING IS SOMETHING WE ARE ALL BORN WITH AND LOSE AS WE GET OLDER, WE JUST DON'T REALISE. I CALL IT A MULTITUDE OF UNDERSTANDING
THROUGH FLUIDITY OF THINKING, THIS CONCEPT IS ACCOMPLISHED THROUGH A PROCEDURE AND THE PROCEDURE GETS YOU IN TUNE WITH LIFE, I WILL CONTINUE TO
WRITE. I PUT IN MY TWO WEEKS BECAUSE I FELT IT WAS TIME TO LEAVE, I JUST KNEW I HAD TO KEEP MOVING, NEVER STAYING COMPLACENT TO GROW. FRIDAY WAS MY LAST
SCHEDULED DAY BUT I NEVER MADE IT AND I KNEW I WASNT GOING TO MAKE IT BECAUSE I WAS NEVER GOOD AT GOODBYES, LIVE FREE !!

START FROM THE END TOUNDERSTAND THE BEGINNING ONCE YOU DO THIS YOU WILL KNOW HALF OF WHAT YOU NEED TO KNOW

I AM AFTERCHASM
I feel Like i'm at the top of the mountain, not the biggest mountain, but a mountain looking down at the reality that is tomorrow life. Who will I be? Forward optimistic new dad? Maybe relaxed
hippie know it all, i don't know. What I do know is i am here, alive, writing, typing, communicating and it feels contentfull.
20181008
Last night was another weird night where I feel everything is reset or reborn somehow, Doesnt make much sense but im looking for a pattern. Last night wasnt an extreme one but it was one. What is it I speak of, Im not sure but it really is something.
20181009
Today I didnt want to wake up, I was so very tired and it could be from the lack of schedule. Getting up at random hours is not really restful. Jess woke up in the middle of the
night with bad bilateral flank pain that was an 8 on ten pain, odd. It went away and then came back and lasted all day. I got a letter in the mail saying Nicole is taking me to court for child
support claiming Im just not paying but have the funds. Why is it that she cant live her own life and has to get involved with mine still, I called CPS on her today. Vengeful, yes but I didnt like
that her dad taught my kid to flip people off, he will not grow up to be a savage, I see it in his soul though he wont.
Im on the hunt for money and need a job quick, this world will eat me up if I dont do something quick. Tonight I had physics class, I really enjoy this class as It is alien. My whole
understanding of things i realize is physics, mainly and we are all aliens and there is nothing more alien to me than physics, and I dont mean that in a foreign concept I mean mammal plus
alien = human. So I realized something I think what really hinders humans from intelligence and living in the moment is anxiety, I really have a strong feeling about it because everyone has a
certain level and way of anxiety and I think its because we are still growing. There is a saying that you are truly free once you let go right? That is because once you let go you really let go of
the anxiety of our human existence and actually live life, we are all in nature philosophy journeyman. Yes, I just about closed the laptop as I couldnt remember the last thing I needed to
get out. I just drove jim to walmart to get cigarettes and after I dropped him at the front i pulled around the parking lot so im on the right side of the road in front of the store but before I got
there I had something happen. Now, its 2100 hours and the parking lot is almost empty and where i go to turn around is usually always the emptiest side of the walmart parking lot. What
are the chances the one car in the empty side this late at night has its car alarm go off as soon as im in front of it? It wasnt intentional as I saw the person messing with their keys. I felt like this
was a sign and I automatically thought right after i almost jumped out of my seat from the shock of the blaring alarm was WAKE UP! wake up? Wake up from what? A dream, my laqadaze
attitude, laziness? What, as I felt it was a sign, what are the chances of me being right there at that exact moment directly in front of that car with my windows down, what are the chances and what did it mean? Am I dreaming

20181011
This world has gone mad, or has it always been mad? Im I going crazy because of the world or do I create the crazy world I live in? Thoughts to be thought. I know Im a dad and have
dad duty but try not to expose the kids to dad dooty, I made a poop joke, kids and adults love them! Mila went to the doctor today and this must be the hundredth time hearing this but Dr.
Suxena said she is very alert and when she went to put her on her stomach Mila lifted her head and looked left and right and the doctor was shocked! She said she should get a trainor as this
is almost unseen in newborns, I can tell when people just say things to be nice or if its the odd truth and I see that Mila is more aware of her world which is good, only took me twenty9 years.
Today I had to go down to the studio to pack things up as I am closing it down, not making enough money but it was not for nothing. I met Avinash and grew my artistic talent that
helps me relax. I even spent a few hours today working on the tree table for my beautiful Mila Ross and mommy, these activities keep my heart
warm and allow me to feel the love. As I feel the love I can contrast a view on life and its energies. While meditating I realized that our emotions may come from different fabric strings that make up reality. I
believe Love is connected to other emotions such as frustration, empathy, forgiveness, gratitude and Entropy is connected to anger, hate, death,
destruction. I believe different forces exert different emotions that are rooted back to these genres of emotion. This is a very preliminary thought but after
meditating and feeling each emotion as I see them I realize the similarities along the love line and tonight I forgave someone for hurting me and I feel like I let
go of a different feeling rooted in me. Entropy and Love, is there a connection? Do they need each other? Is this just a family wise error? I will look into it
but I believe im on to something with that. The person I forgave was Nicole, I got a call from the Johnstown Police asking me to come in for
questioning in response to forging a car title. This has to do with my dodge charger that she stole from me. I have a newborn at home, school, a helpless brother and a house to look after
and bills to take care of I can't go to jail. I know I have the proof to get this thrown away but It can cause damage in the process but I forgive Nicole for the hate in her heart and hope she finds love and happiness one day

MEDITATE TO FEEL THE UNIVERSE AGAIN
1.) I have found my meditation to be unique to me as I feel what I do and go with what feels right. Your sense of smell is extremely powerful. When you smell something you are smelling a particle and a frequency at the
same time, thats what makes up a smell. Did you know humans are the only known creatures that can feel music, feel the beat? We use music in
the most complex way than any animal in existence. So by combining a familiar smell with a familiar song you can say you have the worlds most
complex key. What does that mean? Have you ever smelled something and it brought you back to a time in your childhood or a particular memory? Well thats because your brain uses sound and smell to activate multiple parts of your brain in a sequence that is unique to the memory
you associate with it, so when you hear an old song or smell something you havent smelt in ages it brings you back or you remember all the
words and get a certain feeling. This is what I call the Universal Key Combination. We are going to use this to create your unique meditation
experience as we are all slightly unique in our own way but all connected at the same time too.

2.) I found a certain incense I use Nag Champa and a particular song/frequency. For me and I think this should apply to everyone a song
without words or many words are best for this as you dont want to analyze lyrics while you try to connect to the universe and become one. I
listen to a song on youtube I found called Instant Third Eye Stimulation-M1 by Transcending Vibrations. Ive meditated many different
ways before finding my sweet spot that I practice now. Now you need to be in a place where you know even if the world around you is burning and
falling apart it wont concern you, you are dedicating lets say 20 minutes to meditating so let it be know you are not to be bothered when its time to
meditate, this will help relieve some subconscious or as I call it Prime Conscious anxiety.


3.) Now that you have your spot and everything else set up you want to make sure you are comfortable in what you are wearing, make sure your socks
are off. Get a nice padded cushion or sit on a bed whatever is comfortable as you will cross your legs. I put my left foot on top of my right calf also resting on my right thigh.

4.) Now I make sure the fingers on my right and left hand are touching. I make a praying position leaving a some space between my palms. I do
this as I feel it completes the circuit of the body, when I want to be one. You can also rest you arms on your legs with the palms facing up, find what works for you.

5.) Before going into this I need you to know something. Your intentions, yes, intentions, like if you intend to go for a run later, intend on completing that five year plan. Your intentions are a real living and breathing force within
you that help set up your timeline to life, you will need to discover your intentions at some point. Dont worry about this right away. Meditation is
mainly to be at peace because our brains are never really at peace, overstimulation during the day and repair and dream craziness at night,
you need to give your brain, your soul a break, a way for it to connect back to the universe. Think of it as a family reunion for a short period of
time, after all where do you think you were before you were born? Where do you think you are going when you die? You can feel those answers during meditation eventually with practice.

6.) Close your eyes and focus on your breath. You need to use your imagination, picture it. See your breath going in your nose. Follow your
breath down your long windpipe to your two lungs. See your breath split as it goes to you right lung and to your left lung. Watch your breath for a
few seconds do circles and loops and symmetrical movements inside your lungs.

7.) Now picture that breath still doing those movements back up your long long windpipe and out of your nose into the air around you. Do this a few
times. You will eventually know when you have entered into your meditation space. Remember the smell, the sound and your imagination
are the components to the Universal Key Combination to your personal Meditation space, only you have the key to get in and when your in you
can connect to whomever, wherever, whenever you want because remember this is YOUR universe, you are a creator.

8.) In this space this is what I do, you can develop your own sequence of events or whatever you want because you are free in your meditation
space. You can just sit in there and hear what nothing sounds like or you can work on you Prime consciousness, I sometimes try to reconfigure
how I think in this space for a more positive outcome as everything we perceive in this world you dont actually see first your Prime consciousness does and then you or your Known Consciousness does.
Thats why sometimes we dont know why we are sad or why we feel certain way or think its cool when you know you have to be up at six am
and your brain wakes you up a few minutes before. This is because we

9.) In this space I try to picture the word LOVE first, but instead of using my inside my head voice to picture it i feel it into existence. We have the
ability to communicate with feelings not just words by sound. People do it all the time and dont really realize it. I realized this years ago when I was
walking on the sidewalk down a busy street I saw a girl ahead of me in a skirt. I was walking on a busy road in Albany N.Y. there were cars moving
around 30mph and one car far behind her i notice a guy stick his head out of the window and I could feel his gaze upon this girl in the skirt and what
I saw astonished me. Without any other stimulus the quickly turned around pushing her skirt down as if she was being violated somehow.
She never saw the guy looking out of his window but she felt the intent, the direct and palpable gaze of the onlooker and it was then I knew
without a doubt that out feelings, our emotions can communicate with one another. Thats how you can feel sometimes when something isnt right
with someone or something isnt right in a public situation or a family member over a long distance. Because we are all connected and we are full of think feelings as I like to call them.

10.) So I picture the letters of the word LOVE without using my inside my head voice. I then proceed to feel what love is to me. Its hard just to do
so I picture myself giving my kid a hug and it brings me to the feeling of love.

11.) Next I picture the word Happiness and do the same thing try to feel what that word is to me, if I cant I envision a something or a time I am
happy. By doing this you start to really Understand your emotions, what they are and what it is those words really mean to you.

12.) Next is the word Gratitude. I only recently added this word after reading Dr. Emoto's book on his water research, please read if you get
the chance. Envision then feel this word, this one I think of what im grateful for in that day. So if I drove to the store, the cashier was nice. I
got home my kid smiles or whatever I feel the gratitude for living in a time where I can drive a car to a store instead of walking, I feel the gratitude of
the cashier who was nice to me as she is a human being like me, I feel the gratitude that I have eyes so I can see the beautiful smile on my kids
face. Its the little things that I feel gratitude for as these are things we forget about or take for granted until we no longer have them.

13.) Last I envision Understanding as that one word has changed my life, I feel it and think of one thing i understood or learned today, this one for me is a short one but its something i can never forget.

14.) After that I am almost like a kid in a playground who can do whatever he wants and this is where I usually become one with the universe or
align myself with the universe and positively reinforce some things I might not feel so positive about and I reflect on myself from almost a third party
perspective. Here is where I have my family reunion, I talk to my Prime Consciousness and fix the things I need to fix in my life, slowly I get there.
choose when we want to start living in the known consciousness and its not always easy but every single person can do it, you just have to want
to, your intentions have to be set on taking control of your life and knowing whats going on around you. The word understanding has many
meanings and also just one meaning, if you embark on a quest for knowing you will want to learn about understanding, its god like.

15.) Finally when my song comes to an end around twenty minutes I bow my head towards my hands and stop my head abruptly, I call this a
Quantum Bump, think about it a force in motion is in motion until acted upon. The intentions in my head I put them in motion and almost throw
them by abruptly stopping my head towards my hands. Now that small space I left between my palms catches those forward moving intentions I
threw from my head. I move my hands together above my head and open them keeping my the base of my hands together still forming almost a Y
with my hands releasing my intentions into the universe and after I watch my intentions inside my head float above me i close my hands grabbing
back intentions from the universe and bring my hands closed back down and push those intentions into my chest nicely, it will feel warm. Then I
take a breath and open my eyes. That last part might sound a little weird but in my meditation playground I saw a man i think he looked like he was
in a robe and he showed me this without words. The last part with putting intentions from the universe I just felt like it was right so I do it but the part
about the Quantum bump and releasing intentions into the universe I saw him do. It felt very real as I never really see full people in my space, Just
putting it out there I always see a wolf. I dont know what it all is or means but I know what it feels, happy meditating, love you.

20181012
This really does something for me. 
The rainbow keyboard makes me happy! 
Think of humans hunting for food too an advanced technology that has over a million color combinations, Makes me happy to think about, and I think about a lot. 
Im trying to finish reading Dr. Masaru Emotos book Messages from Water and the Universe.
It got me thinking I always had this ratio in my head from my journey for truth, the universe gave me the ratio 2:1, what does it mean?
Dr. Emoto says 2 is gratitude and 1 is love, im not saying he is wrong, he is 100% on the right track but I think I can be more precise about it. I love Dr. Emoto but I never met him but I feel
him, by this I know him. I think the precise meaning is Entropy to Love (2:1). If what he says is correct and our souls and love reside in water I believe hate or entropy resides in oily, fat,
hydrophobic substances and is twice as heavy compared to its counterpart water. This isnt bad this is the most precise contrasting difference giving rise to the spectrum that is between those
two. For example you wouldnt know the feeling of excitement from winning your high school soccer playoffs if you didnt know what it was to lose, the feeling of not winning enough games
to get there. The built up excitement is from the hard work and practice you put in to get there and the excitement when you win is satisfying because you can contrast it to the hard work,
times you lost, the bad times involved. Without something to compare it to it wouldnt exist. My method of madness is entrained into my Prime Consciousness Wisdom of the Crowd Logic +
Holm-Bonferroni method + Compare/contrast/combine method, this is what makes up my processing unit that is my brains Prime Consciousness.

20181014
I'm a free human, not always my choice though. 
To live in this society Is to follow their rules, get out, or locked in. I got locked in last night, it was a weird night but im used to wierd by
now, I feel like I live in cartoonville. All day yesterday jim was hinting that someone might of stole some of our power equipment from the unfinished back apartment. I wasnt to concerned
as things usually turn up and I had Walter, lynette and the kids up from Jersey this weekend. They got here later on in the day and I went out and got them beer and wine and they got us
Applebees. It was a nice night, talked and taught the zach about lasers. It was nice seeing them, later in the night jim just came out with it and told me he found an empty beer can of a
brand that he does not drink and a crack pipe! Just great! And the tools were still missing so now I had to take action and check the cameras. I sat for about an hour and reviewed the
cameras. I caught them! It was jim's friend taylor and some other guy. At four thirty in the morning they entered the backyard and caught them at ten am leaving the backdoor indicating
they were in the apartment all night. First, I need to explain the backstory. I had a lapse of insurance on my car a few months back
as I ordered custom paramedic plates and sent in the old plates after I sold my car so technically I had a registered vehicle without insurance since the custom plates were the main
plates registered for the car. So after I got pulled over and car towed I had a court date for a misdemeanor for a DMV fine. I think its crazy that an insurance company which is just a large
ponzi probability scheme powered by the DMV can restrict a human's ability to travel and failure to pay them can allow your freedom to be taken away, humans are greedy. So I had an
appearance ticket and I paid the fine. I went to court without the receipt so I was rescheduled. I missed the court date because of school and the baby so I was worried about a warrant out for
my arrest. I went to the court on friday and asked what was going on and was told the judge was not in so I would have to come back monday and no warrant was issued.
With this information I felt okay about this weekend. Well after finding out my house was robbed I called the cops and they came to the house to view the footage. After viewing it they
inform me there is a warrant out for my arrest, so I was arrested right in my room in front of jess, I think I had a dream about that happening, I think I have police PTSD, I want my door locked
always and cameras, a type of paranoia. So I sat on a wood bench in the cold in a cell overnight, I sat there and stared at the wall for twelve hours, the cop called me a powerhouse as
I didn't sleep but it was hard to sleep on a cold, hard piece of wood next to your water fountain toilet combo. The chief told me just yesterday a guy with charges consisting of child abuse,
possession of an illegal substance and so on was ROR which is released on you own recognizance, he said you will definitely be out tomorrow morning. I carved my name in the jail
cell and outlined it in the blood from my nail that I picked too close. The morning came and so did the judge in her sweatshirt at ten am and she reminded me to the county correctional facility
with 3hundredand50 dollars bail, wow! For a traffic violation that was taken care of. So I was transported and got to well had to take a shower, wasnt a choice and got some spiffy orange
clothing including an orange jumpsuit. My father never answered me I left two voicemails, I feel Ive spoken to my father more over the phone than I have in person for the duration of my time
on earth knowing him, makes me sad to think of that. I just know That wont be my kids because even if something happens to me I have my writings so they know me and by knowing me more
they will in their heart be able to feel my love from wherever I may be, but I know I will forever be with them too. I did get bailed out though but by Jessica's brother Walter. I felt really bad about it but
didnt feel anything about it too at the same time,conflicting. I promised the night I got arrested that I would 1hundred percent make them bacon, eggs
and hashbrowns in the morning It never happened but they gave me a ride home from jail and I told them I owe them breakfast and they smiled, I like to make people smile, I like to smile too sometimes

20181023
Things seem different, I feel more connected with myself but at the same time my health I feel isnt doing so well, I need to get on that. I got my student loan and it is going fast! I paid
over 2thousand$s to Matt for taxes and weve been spending the rest on bills and wants, I ordered a lot of science equipment if I am to keep experimenting. My school grades dont look
so well but I do well on the test just dont have time for homework, or maybe I do and im just being lazy. A lot has been going on, two nights ago I called an ambulance at 3am because Jess
woke up with a premonition of pain and slowly excruciating pain started bilaterally down her flank region and she couldnt find a comfortable position, this is the fifth and worst attack. Last
time at the ER they said it wasnt kidney stones after the CT scan but there was blood in her urine, discharged as back pain. This time I call an ambulance and a basic life support crew
arrives and I asked where is ALS and basically got that they were sleeping lazy assholes, poor overworked, underpaid, lazy assholes. After getting to the ER we waited an hour and a half and
jess still didnt get anything for her pain and I started to get mad I talk to the nurse and they said they would be right in with something, they gave her toradol, IBuprofen basically, didnt touch it.
She was diagnosed with microscopic kidney stones which the term I couldnt find in a medical article and she was prescribed three days of hydrocodone even though she wasnt given any
pain medication in the ER, what a funny world we live in. Im still finishing the table, last night I had some vivid images of an experiment I wish to
pursue. It was refreshing and detailed in a way I havent been able to see until that night. I really want to create a new device for traveling so we can be free humans, I hate the DMV. I had
another interesting hypothesis. Put your hands over your eyes in the dark what do you see? Everyone sees something different but thats not the point. How can you see at all without light?
Light is not vision, vision is resolution contrasting. Light that we see has many layers of resolution to contrast making up the reality we see but a simple contrast of very dark and
somewhat dark is vision. Electron particles in thedark against a phosphorescent screen that glows is contrasting vision. The universe is actually very bright but we see darkness
because we see and don't think before seeing. Contrast is the basic of basics and I feel like holographic properties has something to do with our perception, Im not saying we live in a fake
holographic universe, we are as real as real gets but I hypothesize we use have a holographic like foundation to our visual perception and senses in some aptitude. Jim got a job and made Mila Ross a beautiful chair, Im hoping tomorrow I
wake up a billionaire as the mega millions is into the billions, I could help so many humans and my family, the possibilities. Im just happy with my healthy kids, a roof over my head and the
peace to do art at times during the week, that's the life, actually living is the life by definition right?

20181028
So, I can't think of anything good that started with so. I feel normal again, back to the earth dirt normal. I can still think in excess but the feeling of, hmm, viscosity I would use to
measure. I feel thinner, not so full of light. Why have I gotten to this place? Well, I know I want a happy and productive life. These days feel lazy and sick and normal, I stopped meditating
because its halloween and even if im not superstitious, im not taking the chance of opening myself up to evil. I will wait it out, this can be a period of reflection and contrast, a reminder of
where I dont want to be so I need to smarten up. Jess is unhappy but I get it, I do, she really is a great mom and im not as much of a dad as I could be, i guess. I just compare to when I had
theodore. I was dumb and extremely distracted, I had no idea who I was, well, I felt it, I just didnt know. I really want to be that guy but, there is always a but. You should never say but just
be straightforward, less words more meaning. I completed an order for Less Than Jake which is awesome I thought I lost them because last time it took too long to send out the tattoo balm but
not this time and it sparked something in me, like the sparks when your thumb presses down on the wheel of a lighter just before the flame lights. I just want to do something revolutionary,
simplistically change the everyday normal. I want to control the airspace from ten to fifty feet and invent a machine that can fly there. I want stability for my kids, happiness and bliss. The
peace that comes with not knowing and just doing, being a child. I want that for my children. If they are that happy then I will be too. I need to keep moving forward and stop getting rug burn from sitting on my lazy ass while the ground moves from beneath me. My continuity of writing is
impaired by the feeling of being normal, I need to get back to my niche, we all fall so many times but just get back up for the love of

20181102
I went from feeling normal to feeling like I was going to die. I thought stroking out was a
thing of the past but the past came back to say found you!! I feel it going to happen but never
remember when it starts, its a blur. I dont feel so normal anymore, maybe I should have
appreciated the feeling but I never felt normal. At the time I guess I felt normal but looking back I
realize I never fit in just right, I wasnt an outsider I feel like people were just confused by me
and some loved it, some were scared and some thought of it as a joke. No matter what it
shaped who I am and I am a free human, my mind liberated by the perseverance of destitute
and the feeling of this cant be reality, this cant be what life is, life guides me fifty percent of the
way and its up to me to push against entropy and take my 1hundred percent, be pure energy,
love is the way, its the way I feel.
When I felt the stroking out coming on I knew I had to survive, It always feels like its up
to me to chose to live or die. This time was pure craziness. I thought more than a human brain
can comprehend if that makes any sense. I saw with feeling the very basic windings and
combinations that make up our life like the ones and zeros that are computer code just a lot
more complex and free. I could chose to build and to live but in this space I did not think I did by
feeling and everything didnt really make sense. A place of no contrast ever existing just doing
because I can and I feel. I watched a youtube video on electronics and the guy went over why a
hairdryer shorts out if you drop it in a tub, its because it grounds out, the water going from the
shower head into the drain and back to earth and made me realize when I shower I think I may
be grounding, is there an electron flow from earth when showering, is this why showers feels so
charging, why we sometimes have our most organized thoughts in the shower? I went to the
shower as its a place I feel safe when stroking out. I noticed that my mucous secretions were
very thick and is this an element to this phenomenon? Do my bodily fluids become thicker
causing a slowing down of all my processes, slowing of time? I know what time feels like
because I felt it once come to a crawl, this was real as I am a logical observer of my
surroundings and find ways to observe them from different perspectives to compare, contrast
and combine. I saw something that peaked my interest on social media. A philosophical post,
its rare to find a good mind altering one these days. It read that everyone who knows you
interacts with you in a way that they form their own opinion or perspective of you. From this you
are not the same person to another individual who knows you. You are a different person to
your family, friends, co-workers and so on. You perceive yourself different from how others view
you so you are not really you. You are always changing, I love this but I know that I have
defined myself and I know who I am. I know that I would be able to pick myself out from a
description because I chose to be a conscious participant of life, I chose to take my life and live.
I awoke my cold, lonely night as tears rolled down my eyes and I said goodbye to my son and
Nicole, I said goodbye to the Scott I knew and started to live as the Scott I know, I am of
understanding and love, eternal in this void.
20181103
To see is the ability to contrast, vision is not light as light is not vision it is so much more.
A few days ago I went from feeling normal to stroking out to this now. I feel like I had an
upgrade to my brain and this morning I realized what that might be. When invisioning I was able
to see in three-D. How we perceive everything we believe is in three dimensions but that's not
true. We have depth at a two dimensional level in a three dimensional reality. I may not fully
understand it yet but I have time, rather, time has me. Im in love with life, evolution is the
smartest of us all as I believe ive stated before. Yesterday Jess and I were nervous for her
friends to come up as jess really cares about them and wanted everything to be copacetic.
Thats how we wanted it to be but I knew it wouldnt work out and it didnt for the better. I felt it
as I broke old barriers to how their dynamic is made up and got everyone to come down to a
real level and I feel it made everyone more comfortable. I say this very liberally but I dont drink
but last night I did and do I regret it, no, but I dont drink. I love jesss dads, I messaged Johnny
and told them how upset Jess was because they couldnt make it but after talking to them they
changed their mind and decided to come up. This is an amazing secret that everyone is in on
except Jess, so I told them I will make breakfast. I went out this morning and got a massive
breakfast to make everyone, breakfast makes everyone happy. Reminds me of the Long Island
Breakfast dynamic, A good breakfast brings people together.
20181117
It's the beginning of the end. Kaskade wants to know why do all good things come to an
end? I believe it is for a better chapter in life, a saga with no end, just chapters with beginnings
that are endings and endings that are beginnings. We all are living always living, just dying to
know whats next only to find out what's next is what already happened, just another rerun, fresh
out of new stories. Its once you shut off the entertainment display and turn around do you think
now what? Its now, time is now, and it will always be now so start now, create your own
adventure, mystery or life. You can do whatever you want, but responsibly because everyone
else can do what they want, responsibly, Its my universe because I can feel it, can you feel it?

20181121
It's the day before Thanksgiving and I feel like shit, a stagnant, oxidizing, metal smelling, foul shit. Thats how I feel, but Im functional. What a week it has been
everything has come to the desk for answers, no more lines and waiting all at once the questionstions must be answered, something must be done damnit!!
I get a call from Johnstown Police department from a man who I can tell ha been doing this for awhile he says  Im working with my partner on this joint investigation into
what going on and I guess it didnt go so well with her. Which I replied  it went very well i thought, I gave her the proof I have showing I purchased the car she just put her
name on the auction. He replied  Yes, theres that but we also looked into other DMV transactions and have questions about registrations and your brothers license. This is
where I know Im fucked the only actual fraud I committed, Using my deceased brothers drivers license so I can get to work and make money to pay bills, I guess I wasnt clever
enough. Although the DMV saw that I went to renew his license I admitted to my wrong doing and they suspended my licenses for an additional three months, okay, I was
caught, but I thought this was over. Before my brother passed away he made a deal with his co-worker fred. Fred is a good guy just a human trying to live and feel good.
The deal was that Fred would use Jonathan's insurance to insure his car because he does not have a license and in return he would pay Jonathan's car insurance. My
brother passed away but the deal remained between me and Fred. Its cold nights like tonight that I think about my little brother and how Im going to bring him back and when
I will see him again, even if I forget I know I will find you. This cop is still talking to me on the phone while im a block away from my house
and says well we want to talk about other registrations and things so I know he is creeping into my dealings with Fred. I told him well I will speak to my lawyer to schedule
a time to come down to talk to you and he replies  I dont work around your lawyers schedule but I can promise you I will be knocking on your door before the holidays, you
have until the end of business today to get back to me. I felt he had the upper hand here, and why shouldnt he he has been scaring people for many years now and is quite
good at it. I came home disheveled and Jess knew right away something was wrong so I told her what the cop said and it was on.
I can't take this anymore with me being on probation because probation messed up and admitted it only because I had to pay out of my pocket for a drug screen to prove
someone is lacking of enthusiasm. On August 29th I should have gone to court and all four felonies would be reduced to one misdemeanor. A compromise, I know I didn't do
anything wrong and the DA doesnt want to admit that they dont have a case because they dont work to prove innocence they work to find guilt always and forever. So we
made a deal because its been going on over a year me saying I didnt do anything and them saying I did. It all came down to money I fired my public defender, in the time my
court case was going on I worked very hard manual labor to pay for my super duper lawyer and Mr. James Knox went in there and in one day got me the one misdemeanor
deal its crazy how that works, but I look, listen, adjust, and go with the flow. So I should of had this all wrapped up August 29th for one misdemeanor but the
probation department decided to do their job for one month and they did it poorly. I came in for a drug test which they said were new test. I tested positive for morphine, I
said no way so they dumped it into another cup and it tested positive for hydrocodone. The supervisor said well those results are as clear as day I said this has to be
someone messing with me I cannot have this bad of luck, so they sent it to the lab and iwent from probation to another drug testing location thirty minutes away. From their
urine drug test to my new facility only an hour and a half of time had elapsed. I had a six foot black man look down at my sizable penis, very sizeable, while I peed into a cup. I
felt comfortable but the place I went to the guy who owns it was there and that black guy is a very smart man, his right hand man, So I knew I was in good hands. They put it
through a spectrometer an actual scientific testing device for urine and it came back negative, as expected. So here are two different results, why is this? I had to practically beg my father
for the sixty dollars for the drug test, im sure that's not heard too often. Hey! I have my proof and what came of it not much, I guess you would call it a buffer. I actually went in
and recorded the supervisor talking to me about the results. Here is the best part she told me the lab does not test for morphine. Those were her words, but what about the
hydrocodone? So no answers came back from those jumping beans. The judge just said it was a mis management. Here is what they will do for me! Instead of getting my
misdemeanor now it will be adjourned to february.and prolong this even further, how does that sound good to me? Im not sure I wasnt there for most of it. I sat on a wood
bench, I am the object as they discuss behind closed doors like gods. So here I am with my shitmeal, served hot and ready to go. The Judge says see you in six months lets
see what your GPA will be. I guess Playtime went well see you in february. Six months what can go wrong? Well with me everything! That's not what I wanted.

I began to learn, I signed up electrical engineering and it all took off from there! Where to begin, how about rhythm with jim. I
had to find the college and I did It is a space and occupies space. I went I Learned about the basics and met some very nice kids but
the information I seek is outside of their program so to know and I learned what I needed to know, went to class, made friends, felt feelings of people's lives and its all
jumbled in the air as he knows what she doesn't and he knows what she knows could be useful, do we talk, merge, compile. I see That is not what is happening and I take what
I can and get out. I have better things to apply this to, I took a break and I see why my mind was chopped because of the harvest moon,
Thanksgiving. I thought I was dying but it all started tonight with a little fucker named ALEX. He stopped by to visit, how did he get
here with his family from the woods, no one has a car or license. Does that look like the moon to you? Its too bright to be the moon. I really dont think I lost it. I think I
found it, it makes sense. Have you ever met someone so stupid who is fully functional? Alex is an alien and tonight my mind was suggestedly freed or controlled, I don't
know but I know I wasnt thinking how I would normally think, like another side of me was turned on and I was comfortable being there. What the fuck just happened
I NEED TO RUN

20181124
Mila is two month today, okay above I admit its a little crazy, I do have crazy moments but between having a stomach bug, having a tree fall on your car a day
before thanksgiving, the police saying they will arrest me before the holidays, jim not going to work and my think feeling x mixed with the poor, moldy air quality in the house
thats closed up, its enough to drive anyone to a breaking point. I dont break though I try to make sense of things. How can luck be this bad and I know in a few days its
going to all be awesome. Such highs and lows, I ask myself do I hate it? Honestly I dont know its interesting but I can be on the run from police and I dont like feeling
under the weather. I guess we all have our good days and bad days. The only reason I dont want to leave is because of Theodore, I love him to the
moon and back, I guess his mom won the battle, I wanted to be france about it but it came to me anyway and I lost. I think about possible outcomes and most are bad so I
have a better chance getting out of here, I will find a way to reach Theo, I will. No one stops to think why am I here, what's going on around me? Where was I before I was
born? Where do I go after? Is there a purpose and what is the point of learning and working just to die and lose it all, do we lose it all? Do we lose the ones we love? I know
I have not talked to Johnathan for the past two years because he is dead so I did lose him that's reality, where is he now? Is he himself still? I have a theory, there are a three
men, one a paramedic and one a doctor and another a survivalist who claim to have found bigfoot, there are mayan stories of Bigfoot sleeping with the tribes woman, well
raping them in the woods and the babies wouldnt really be able to talk and had abnormalities. These guys claim to have caught photographs of these creatures and no
one listens. I understand it's hard to get an audience its called marketing these days. I would make outrageous claims on the internet even not so outrageous to see if people
entertain the ideas as an experiment, new discoveries and if its not in the realm of normal no one listens or cares, partly due to the fact that they cannot understand it. A
dentist might not know that piezoelectric devices can generate electricity from pressure and I mean walking foot to ground pressure and charge a cell phone in two hours they
might not believe it but they are technically doctors so that person isnt dumb as society would define the term. People are just in their own world and we do this to make sense
of our reality because once you really start to wonder what's going on and where we came from some people might not be able to handle it, our brains even fight themselfs
the right and left hemisphere to confabulate a plausible story that that person will accept as truth to make sense of things, we rewrite our memories constantly when we rethink
them and believe it to be truth but really your perception of everyone and everything around you and how things work is your reality and no two are the exact same. You
yourself dont even really exist as one person you are thought of and defined and seen by each individual differently, you can have hundreds of different yous out there in the
world because you only exist in the minds of the people breathing. Without others you are alone and are you really even then existing? You are not one but many, constantly
changing as we go along day in and day out with time, time the organized construct by humans to make sense of and organize life, but why are we really here? If you think
about existence what if we fully evolved and have everything we need to be self sufficient and money doesn't matter then what are we living for? I think purpose gives time to life and creation to
matter. We would need to then create tasks on our own to give purpose, to continue to live and matter. If you look at our closest known relatives the primate or whatever sub species we found we are closely related
to you will discover not one primate in nature have antigens in their blood, that is the +(positive) to our blood types, for example A
Positive and A negative, all of our ancestors and negative, the antigen doesnt exist. If you look in the mirror and then take a look at other
animals out there we are not even close to being part or the evolutionary ladder with them we are far advance and not entirely of this world,
we are an experiment. Look into those eyes, they look like the eyes of my pugs, they look like the eyes of
most mammals. This is apparently a real picture of a bigfoot, I Somewhat believe it because thats where we should be on the evolutionary scale, in my opinion we are an experiment. Take that and
mix it with what we consider an alien to look like and it would look like us. Apparently there are a few alien species. There are real military officials who come out talking
about aliens working with the government and its almost at the point with all the evidence that its hard to deny. Look at how us humans treat each other, we are not that great to each other. We
create our own problems and all these things around us are distractions, we are being distracted from the truth of life. From stupid reality television to these colleges teaching
things that are constantly changing are no longer valid almost to keep us confused, no one knows a little bit of everything going on to form the real big picture, we are
hopelessly distracted, not me. I also think we have been created to evolve to almost have a governor on our brains so that we can't use most of our brains, its proven we
only use around ten percent, thats because we were designed that way and there are ways to break that but people use psychedelics and go from zero to 1hundred and dont
create cognitive pathways to understand, we just call it a trip. Taken it slow and learning while in that state of confusion you overcome it and learn, our brains are plastic,
neuroplasticity, always changing. We can do miraculous things and our bodies are made to repair themselves, we are also programed to self destruct with time or age,
aging is curable, its even scientifically proven not just my theory. Another thing I notice, why do I have such bad luck the more I learn and go against the grain of normal. Think
of a circuit board of ones and zeros, ons and offs, highs and lows. The smartest of us all is evolution and evolution goes at a rate it was made to, someone with a horrible
disability doesn't usually reproduce turning off that pathway. The flow of time is like the electricity and the pathways are our individual consciousness, each of us connected
and different components. I dont understand it fully as I dont think it fully compares to our understanding of a circuit board but its a part like that, like everything just a part, we
all know parts of the truth and we just dont communicate with truth and feeling enough to put all the pieces together. My luck s because of my choice, my intentions to go
further and beyond the realm of what is everyone's reality, I see bigger pieces of truth and Im being weeded out by this connected consciousness of our species, people dont
see it, it is not intentional it is like the circuit board, im just going against the flow doing that creates resistance, like a resistor and creates heat with too much resistance and
starts to overheat the whole component or whatever metaphor that comprises the whole working system. I am strong and Im not going anywhere I will create change, not too
much change, just introduce a truth to upgrade our system, I know too much but I chose to, I did it to myself, I did all this to myself and all I can think about is how much im full of love for everyone and how im alone in a sense, you cannot communicate if others
cannot speak your language, I know too much and my language sounds annoying to most so they stoplistening, ive come to accept that as I am of understanding and love.

20181201
I dont know how long ive slept for in the past two days, I would rank yesterday as the second worst day of my life, second to my brothers death. Woke up early in the
morning to Jess saying she is having another attack, this one though different from the others. We went to the hospital, I took my car with the broken windshield. When we got
there, I need to sleep I cant write right now I will be back...hopefully later today as I need to write what happened. Didnt sleep but ordered chinese food,
20181202
I'm back and I've adapted to the life of a baby, I know know the feeling of a single mom. People need each other and its not to work for that person its to work with that
person even if the work isnt 50/Fifty, It doesnt have to be long or short its what works best for you. If youre lost compare what I say to an atom. There is a nucleus and
different parts orbiting ( take this as a crude description) that atom is not one but made up of many parts, not a crazy amount but enough to perform its task. Everything is
made up of atoms. Atoms work with other Atoms to form elements or a force or particle waves, you get the point but sometimes that working dynamic is broken up to form a
new element or to let electricity flow, the dynamic structure of that is comparable to us. There are always going to be those nasty elements out there for example lie lead but
lead can be used for great things too like radiation shielding but be aware lead is harmful just like there always will be bad people out there but there is always good to
bad and the bad is dormant in good, for example you can eat a soybean or drink soy milk but really get at and take apart that soybean and you get ricin a
deadly powder, it's a difficult process but its there. Good, bad, happy, sad are emotions, that is Energy in MOTION., EMOTIONS. You can feel the emotions
but you can learn to control them too and harness them, like electricity. We are all connected somehow someway, connected so don't forget. Dont let a stranger you dont know have your car youve worked
very hard for but dont let that stanger sit outside in the cold without a sweater, be smart, be decisive, be in control.
20181204
I just drank hydrogen peroxide, if I dont write anymore its because I died. I really hope this isnt the case. I actually feel fuzzy inside from it. I will come back to why I
drank H2O2, its for a very good reason and I think its actually working! Anyway, Jess came home today from the hospital. Its really crazy, so I guess let me start from the
beginning. It all started three days ago Jess woke up in pain and said this is unlike any pain she has had before. She wanted to go to the emergency room, so we went, but we
went via broken car. The Hydrogen peroxide worked, I can think clearly and Im starting to remember more, I can actually take a deep breath and the pains in my body that Ive
had are now sore and not painful. What the fuck? Is drinking H2O2 the cure for all our ailments, are our ailments the result of our food and environment? I feel like an
experimental pig. I try to blame my mom or my dad for this terrible upbringing. Sure there were good times but that doesnt negate the bad behaviour ive sustained. Can I
blame them, everyone says well you have to blame yourself because you realize this and can do something about it. How can you fix a problem you can see, access or
handle? You know about it but thats it. I think im becoming more and more clear as time goes on and my body heals. I see things now with perspective, we have all been
treating each other like shit when really its the people who pushed the shit foods full of garbage upon us for a dollar, fast foods, medication, doctors and hospitals for
conditions we made up. Everything is a fucking lie and I have gained perspective without losing my mind, I lost it and got it back.
With a new perspective from the H2O2 I see who is really at fault for the miserable lives of these humans that I come in contact with, I realized my mother really hasnt been all
there with it for many years. I had a period of clarity and sickness. From the book one minute cure there is a huge misprint on the back, I cant find information on the author
or documentations on people cured. Everyone who is advocating the product looks like crack heads or really dumb. Something is off about the whole thing, I feel like It was
sent my way to try to kill me. I try to think where saw it and why I wanted to try it so bad and I dont remember, I Know it was a youtube video but I feel I was slightly
brainwashed because I fully believed in it before scientifically reviewing it and I never do that, I make sure I find documentation on the topic but I didnt I just jumped the gun and
I know that's not totally out of the normal for me but this felt different, almost sinister. I stopped loving science and research and felt the damaged connection to the universe. I think I have to watch myself because someone knows me and I dont know them, I
really hope it's not the case as all I want to do in life is be free.
20181209
I have not had this much commotion and confusion in a really long time. Me and Jess continue to fight over nothing and I had 1hundered and 1 fever two days ago and i
taste the sick in my cough. Could all this have to do with the basement being cleaned out. I rented a dumpster a few days ago and had the basement cleaned, could we have
stirred up a lot of lead, I know theodore had elevated lead levels in this house and that was over a year ago. All I want in my life is truth, happiness and being closer to comfort
than struggle financially. For someone my age Im actually doing good which is sad, the Fed even said the reason people my age arent buying homes is because we are poor.
Kids graduation from college with a masters working at that $15/hr job that they were working before leaving for school. Im sickened by this society and what ive come to
realize it its mostly not these peoples fault, its not my moms fault she was a shitty person, she didnt know any better, I think about it and she doesnt really have long
conversations, I think she has a mental disability but got through life. My dad is almost heartless and I look at him as a teenager in good looking cloths, red shorts, white button
up shirt and a smile on his face in pictures. Today he wears all black and has no emotions and I think its because he tried to be who he wanted to be and was so badly
chastised for being himself he has some sort of emotional block and working takes his mind off of it. We the american people, one big fucking experiment, being watch always which the government doesnt even deny but openly discusses is for our safety, all it
took was an act of terror which by the way is being said to of been set up internally here in the us, engineers saying how buildings dont fall like that but rather its caused by a
controlled explosion, slow motion video shows the explosions going off level by level, a magic trick to the dummies that make up the general public, by the way I was
discussing 9/11 to be specific. No one really knows where there food comes from, how its produced, what ingredients are legally being omitted from labels, where our
medications come from if at all in the US, what effect they have on our bodies really since most are thought of to work certain ways but not exactly sure, it says that right on
some medication labels, sound waves like MHZ causing agitation and confusion, shown by studies, these come from our wifi and cell phones, which we do need but we are not
informed on the danger. The DMV controlling our transportation which im not saying is all bad since I dont want a drunk driver killing my family member. There was a limo
accident on long island where a drunk driver was on the wrong side of the LIE and killed a family coming home from a wedding in 2005. The little girl Katie Flynn was the flower
girl and her mom lived and held her daughters decapitated head in the road waiting for emergency services to arrive, Brand New, my favorite band wrote a song limousine in
memory of her, heartbreaking. But when cops check the ID of everyone in the car when pulled over is a feel a violation of basic privacy and when the dmv keeps adding
outrageous fees in order to drive I feel like that is extortion, why can't I be a free human, is it because the rest of humans are not ready yet so we are all lumped into the
category of needing adult supervision by the mean babysitter? I can go on for a long time about everything as there is much to tell.
The only sense of relief ive gotten lately is seeing my daughter smile, a blow job from Jess and the insurance check to get a new car but I can't even cash it without a
bank account, if you think about it I cannot even have money without going through the banks. I do not have the power to take control nor do I want to take control of anything I
just want a voice to raise concerns so people wake up and maybe take steps to be more responsible and healthy, to treat each other better so their children, our parents
can then teach us children the way life should be. I see my dad and mom and they are so sick and I feel for them, I pray to understanding not with words but with feeling that
they too feel as I feel and heal. Jimmy gets home in an hour from jail, he was sent for the weekend for testing positive for alcohol. I have it heard from anyone about the nicole car conundrum thats
being handled by the Johnstown police dept. I am very thankful however for John, moms John, if it wasnt for him I wouldnt have the money to take care of bills and
everyone here he is St. Christopher. He is getting annoyed at this point but Im done asking him for money Im looking for a job, I feel the motivation coming back to me, where it went I don't know but im getting healthy, cutting down on bad habits, reducing
sugar, sleeping in red lights, earthing, buying my PEMF and other techniques to slow aging. If I want a voice I must speak and to speak is an action so therefore I must take
action to be heard. I started writing to keep the scientific knowledge i have accumulated but it has turned into much more than that, things I learn and events in my life are all
connected as are all us humans so I mention everything. I just found out Magnetism is the opposite of electricity, electricity creates an electromagnetic field and magnets and
coils create electricity, they are the same thing electricity and magnetism, almost like an oscillating wave between both, this knowledge could prove useful in future experiments
but for now Im working on my SIDS device, a baby device to cure SIDS I hope. This might sound crazy but by reading other things Ive wrote you will know I have the crazy
in me as I try to see this world, this universe for what it really is, to see my environment created by my mothers and mostly fathers for what it really is. I think I have the
majority of data I need to start creating a machine that travels by a non propulsion method, a method that uses ionization and magnetic fields that warp dark matter or as
we know it space time, you know this as a UFO I call it an ARV because its a technology that is real and used by the government and official reports have been made
by majors and high ranking government officials, so what right, prove it. I have taken action and ordered mercury and quartz tubes and figuring out how to make a permanent
magnetic field by lowering a superconductor to 4 kelvin and from what I noticed the people who get fucked with by the government are the ones who start taking action and
building. Knowing, theorizing is one thing but building is another and people who start to build an test have run into odd problems that are semi-violent, damaging property,
uploading child pornography to get them arrested, sound wave attacks (which is real and just found to be done at a US embassy). So I must stop and just work on ways to
help people in other ways, I just hate the DMV so much I wanted a way to travel that is not regulated yet and that is flying at low levels but I can see how that may be
dangerous because people are dummies and dangerous, I wanted the ability to travel the world and get there in a few minutes that would normally take hours, I wanted to feel
zero gravity and float, but Id rather be around to kiss my kids than fight an invisible enemy. I really dont think the government is this horrible entity I just think they are
really rough around the edges and are not going about things in the best way possible, I have answers and just want to be able to explain them. If people right now had flying
cars and zero point energy and all this advanced tech we would have a society of lazy, crazy animals who wouldnt have to work, would drink and fly into the home of a
sleeping family, we dont love each other enough yet to have these things. At the same time we are not moving forward to much into awakening people. Something funny Ive
learned by my teacher at the college. He said the reason why Thomas Edison actually didnt agree with Nicola Tesla on alternating current which is the preferred method,
smartest method, for dispersing electricity is because people would kill themselves with this technology they dont understand inside their homes, in that he has a fucking
phenomenal point, Nicola Tesla was way ahead of his time and died sad, poor and alone. I think they were both wrong Edison should've realized the better option and
people should have some training to handle this better technology for safety reasons and slowly implemented it as humans hate fast change, drives us NUTS. Nicola Tesla
was so smart but should of been happy with the truths he had discovered and realised not everyone was as smart and needed time to implement his technology, maybe came
up with a plan for fifty years to introduce AC into people's lives starting with universities. From there had some kids and worked on being happy a a human and helping
humanity, maybe not right now but today his work is being used and im sure he know it would of been, he was being selfish, He should of did something to be happy as a
human. Edison was foremost a businessman and he should of saw that and not fought that, its very hard to change the mind of someone who does not have the capacitance
for change, if it does not exist then you are fist fighting water and you will always lose and keep going and you will become tired and drown and then who is the idiot? Im
going to do for my family, im not trying to overthrow power, I just dont like being surrounded by sleeping dummies, I just wish people would wake up a little and
understand their surroundings. Wish my mom and dad were happy people and didnt have to numb their pain from this world with drugs and I would of had a better
upbringing, I learned the hard way and had to restructure my brain to realize that learning is human nature and fun. I changed my own
perspective by fighting myself, getting something from almost nothing. I love my parents as they did their best to their knowledge. I WILL continue
to learn but keep it to myself, participate in the slavery society until I have enough income property to relax a little more and raise my kids
by having them answer questions to form their own perspective no superimpose mine upon them. We are of love and understanding and
that's where we all need to get to, maybe we are all not ready for that just yet as it would cause extreme chaos and entropy but I am there and
want to help in the transition is all. They should make a department of human services which coincides with the department of social services,
mine being non political. I just want to live as a free human, a loving free human of understanding and happiness. As I write I am running around helping feed Mila, waiting to pay
jims taxi and talking to jess, just if I seem distracted. I know what I know and I love my children, science and my dumb dogs. I have a lot to do and build, ready, set, go!
20181210
I think I figured some things out, there are substances such as dextromethorphan that I believe changes the frequency at which you resonate at, this is a way of tuning
into a higher dimension and as such have learned a vast amount of knowledge that might take some people decades to slowly figure out. We resonate in this dimension
and like a radio I believe you can tune into other frequencies. I just watched a video by Dr. Luc Antoine montagnier, He discovered the HIV virus and continued the work of
water memory of another scientist. This video proved that water can retain electromagnetic frequencies like a waveform, a waveform being the element last in the
water, a memory, water memory. I think I can set up some fun experiments to test the theory, just need the right equipment. Theres a lot of interesting things I learn about
how the world, the universe, works everyday, sometimes I dont get to log it because I learn too much and skip over some things. I have now almost ten thousand dollars,
everyone feels entitled because I didnt perform manual labor for it and they feel its not all mine. I like sharing but no one knows the stress i've endured, the ideas Ive come up
with to get to this point, keeping everything afloat, taking care of everyone, I like to share but I have to get things done to keep moving forward. Im going to work on my
SIDS device now that I have almost all the parts. Something interesting I learned about, more of a theory based on science directly
relating to this, our reality, what we see, the dimension we live in maybe kind of like a radio station. We may be resonating at almost a bandwidth if that's the correct term. We
all have slightly different vibrations thats why a rock made up of atoms is different then a dog who is made of the same atoms, it's the vibration, but we are all in this dimension
within a bandwidth. What if all we had to do to be move between vibrations is to tune into another station or maybe its literally a different bandwidth like AM or FM, im
unsure but the idea is very interesting. That's how it was theorized that someone or something could be right next to you but you would be unaware of it because it is tuned
out. Everything is right in front of us, we just can see what our eyes are designed to see but I feel that we can feel more, like that uneasy feeling you sometimes get for no
reason like someone is watching you, or next to you. Something else which I dont know if I mentioned is how litteral english language can be without us realizing, like the word
disease is being in a state of dis-ease, that's literally what it is, describe in one word and we try to define it so man other ways, over complicate it. The word, which I mentioned
but love is emotion Energy in motion equals emotion. Remember to let go of the ego, hold onto the feeling of love without being naive or blind to it, use logic and forgive easily.
20181214
Its almost three in the morning and I thought of something. The only reason im awake is because for the first time in almost years I partied, meaning I took opiate pain
killers, pretty much. Now I took many of these pain killers, no tolerance. It felt good but as they start to wear off a little I can think clearer and I came to a wierd realization. I
started getting paranoid feeling like if I went to sleep I would die, not an intuition or gut feeling just an observational feeling as I noticed I didnt have as much sensation to my
whole body as usual and had slow respirations. It felt as if I was leaving my body, think about it, who are you? In the most basic understanding you can feel yourself, see things
and breath normally. This takes that all away right? You start to nod off, take away sight. It numbs your pain or just feeling sensation in general as I assume feeling as in
touch is probably along the same connection in your body as pain. Lastly breathing, you need to breathe to live but it depresses your breathing, essentially it gives you a taste of
death. I have a theory, not know just always felt this way but when you die it just means you went to a point of negative energy, your body is always moving, making energy in
the mitochondria of every cell, vibration on an atomic level. Death is the inability to create energy or you damaged your vessel too badly to operate so you go into a low
energy level, you never really die. You just lose all your energy and what's left? I'm not sure but I know there is something left, the soul or so to speak.
Back to my point, opiates do this to you right? Now think about it they say opiates damage the heart, damage organs, cause other health issues but how is heart damage
caused? Does it directly go over to your heart with scissors and start cutting? Tell me how that works, I think I know. People know what opiates can do long term but never
ask how, I think that is hilarious. I worked with this guy when I was in high school, we worked at Wunderbar deli in Port Jefferson station, New York. This guy was in his late
20s and was part of the family, the deli family that is as the del was opened in the mid 1900s by a german couple who I got to know very well, great people. The business is a
family business and they do well for themselves, they also have one of the best breakfast sandwiches on long island, if you're an islander you know how important that
is. The employees there are people who usually know someone in the family and my dad just so happen to go there every morning and they knew my dad and I got the job.
There was a guy there named Eric, he was a bad pill head. Took uppers, downers but had a thing for opiates, I purchased opiate pills from him in fact. So when I say its been
a while since ive done opiates its been that long since, well, thats a lie, but it has been a long, long time. Eric was a cool guy, known for his ability to kick someones ass and he
did a lot of BMXing even though he had a weird gimp limp and speech issue, I guess he compensated for it by being a cool guy and taking drugs. I dont look down on drug
addicts, its mostly the fault of society, how is it every town has people who can sell you painkillers or buy heroin, I can barely find Snyder honey mustard and onion pretzels at
the stores sometimes, how is it it is so fucking easy to find a drug dealer? This is because drug companies pushed opiates into the doctor's hands and they prescribed
leniently to the mammal human patient, the gullible confused monkey person in their office. How does heroin get in so abundantly, it's not grown here so who the fuck is
importing it, the government has something to do with it and I dont me president Trump or anyone we see. Its the asshole branches of government who dont answer to
politicians, the ones who feel they know best how to shape america and shape their wallets, pure greed and power killing americans, the stupid confused monkey mammals.
Well a few years after I left there I heard Eric died in his sleep, in his late twenties. How do you fucking die in your sleep at such a young age, our bodies are
made to live. I have theory, one that explains how opiates damage your heart and all that bullshit it does but you never ask how. With the shallow respirations you are not
exchanging oxygen and carbon dioxide efficiently. You screw with your normal respiratory pattern and cause a build up of acidic gases in your blood, this inhibits the
oxygen energy process that takes place in your body and causes lactic acid and whatever other harmful toxins in your system, within your organs, in your extremities.
These slowly start damaging and killing connections in these organs like your heart and slowly cause failure of your organs. It slows down your pulse allowing the fat and plaque
to stick to the walls of your arteries and veins, think about all the pressure in your system how does a fucking small cell stick to the wall and not get pushed forward? Its
because the reduced pressure in the little areas of your body like through the thigh muscles and far away places like your hands and feet. So now you have reduced waste
output from your lungs from respiratory depression and and a weak pump causing debris to catch. Opiates I feel also are energy thieves. Think about it how does it
actually slow down these processes in your body? By reducing the energy output like a potentiometer on a circuit board. It impedes your electrical conductivity along pathways
associated with these vital functions, what happens to that energy? Where does it go? That is something im trying to wrap my head around but my theories as you see can
get extreme at times but that is how I am able to figure things out, again im going to mention the part associated with multiple hypothesis, the Holm- Bonferroni method. My
process still holds true and has changed my life, anyways. It also gives you a warm, pleasant feeling. You may think this is serotonin but maybe it is but it is the wrong
feeling, the good feeling you want is that I just won the lottery happy or about to orgasim happy or relaxing with the person you love and watching a movie relaxed. This might
creep you out but that feeling you feel on pills is what I believe to be the about to die relaxation, what you feel while you die. Think about what I explained to you, opiate pills
are basically a cure for living, a death regiment, the substance that literally slowly gives you a preview of what death will feel like, the energy depleter, thats what death is, no
more energy. Its like electromagnetism, electricity is the living state of magnetism and we are beings of electric and electromagnetic fields,
magnetism is the no energy states of being but can be transformed to electricity, the life energy, energy that creates matter existence. I never realised it until tonight
as I took many pills and realized what it truly does to your body, the nature of the opium plant, the face of what some would call the devil. I wonder what geometry
surrounds that plant, whatever it is is the face of evil. Evil backwards is live, isnt that ironic like magnetism is the inverse of electricity and vice versa to live is to move
forward, to go backwards is evil, the cycle of everything, oscillating and resonating always. This I believe to be fact, but just think about it...

20181230
All truths passes three stages. First, its ridiculed. Second its violently opposed. Third, it is accepted as being self evident. -Arthur Schopenhauer, German
philosopher (1788  1860) . I know who I am, where I am, what I would like to happen next, how I plan to accomplish that and that no matter the situation I may not
have control over it but I have control of how I react to it and no one can take the me away from myself. I went to probation a few days ago and Jeremiah my probation officer
pulled a sneaky. He called the johnstown police on me. He was just doing his job, he is a good but low energy guy, doesnt seem to thrilled with life. The cops came in and told
me to put my hands against the wall and arrested me. Nicole wins again but this is it she cannot do anything else to me the only leverage she has on me now is my child but
I already filed the paperwork and have a court date to get my little man back, I miss him so much and would love for him to meet his sister. I looked over at the younger officer,
the name badge read TINO. I said hey, are you Nick Tinos brother? he said yeah, why, you know him? NIck went to paramedic school with me at suny cobleskill, we
were IV partners. He put an IV in me and then I think he got switched with a new partner who really fucked up his arm bad, kind of funny, but hes a really good guy. His partner
asked if I was a paramedic and I said yeah, they seemed to be more relaxed with me after that and when we got in the cop car the older cop was going over police procedure
so Tino was in training, I think he will make a good cop. We got to the police station and they checked in my belongings and said they dont usually see a lot of people with all
that money I had in my wallet. I was money I got from my insurance company for the tree that fell on my car, I told them it was christmas shopping money and they made
sure to count it in front of me. Luckily I got a phone call and called jess, she had nancy watch the baby and came right down. She took my belongings and gave me a kiss, I
love her a lot, she is full of understanding. Eventually I got to see the judge. This judge looks like the type of person who was never told no as a kid, maybe, but I could
definitely feel thick thick smog of his ego. He didnt really give me a chance to talk and set my bail at 10 thousand cash or 15,000$ bond, I surely thought I was screwed. I went
from there to county jail and started being processed. The guy behind the window told me someone called and is bailing me out. Jess got a bail bonds guy to post my bail for
eleven 00$ I was surprised and even better the bail bonds guy was at the jail bailing someone else out, Im very happy I didnt get forced to take a shower and have to put
on the orange jumpsuit. So now there is this looming over me and jimmy told me probation wants to violate me meaning jail time. I dont see how when this incident
occured I believe before I started probation. I called jeremiah and told him I dont hold any hard feelings as he was just doing his job, he told me his boss wants to violate me but hes going to hold off until after the holidays, so thats good news in a weird way,
right? Its moving time. Im moving to the downstairs apartment so matt can move upstairs and that is an extra $7hundred and fifty dollars a month which will help Jess in
case i go to jail. I started moving reluctantly and through the day I found a huge surge of energy and got everything done, jim didnt help much in this whole thing. What I really
want to get out is what happens the next day. I woke up early to get a jump start on everything and about an hour into my day i became really confused and told jess, she
just thought it was me being me and i knew something was up so I took my blood pressure and it was very high then shortly after I started crying then it would stop and I
would laugh uncontrollably and that's when I got scared so I called an ambulance this kept going on and on and when the ambulance got here I see they sent a basic life
support crew and should be sending advanced crews as I knew this was medical but took it as psychological. So they barely did a cincinnati stroke scale on me, which I did
on myself and it was negative but that does not mean it wasnt an aneurysm or cva, its just Atypical. When I got to St. Marys they
put me right into the waiting room where I waited for the next twenty minutes. I went up to the window and they said can I help
you like they didnt know I came in by ambulance. Finally I get triaged and some punk little jerk starts giving me an attitude. I
told him I needed a CT stat and he told me you dont tell me what to do I tell you. We went back and forth, I was shocked by the
lack of respect, I was not hostile or violent I was scared and they treated it like it was called in as a psych call so after the doctor
just watching me not saying a word while this kid with probably no medical knowledge tells me to basically shut up,
and by the way my blood pressure at the hospital was 220 over 140 or 150 with a pulse over one twenty. I walked out and
took a taxi home, Id rather die at home then in the sick hole, I spent forty dollars and took a cab home. Nancy didnt seemed fazed much by this, jim was concerned but drunk. I didnt want to die I wanted to see my kids talk to each other, hug and play. Im
getting tired and Im thankful for having found meditation to help calm me down and for the people in my life who actually care about me, thank you, I need to rest as Im still not
well, I have a headache from time to time, I never get those, and sharp pain in my chest when doing strenuous activity. I just wish people were just a little more conscious so we could care for eachother better and make better decisions, one can hope.
20181231 @2231 It's almost new years and I feel like the aftermath of a wave that crashes down on the sand, violent force with impacting sand and water and shells. Moments after the
wave disruption, depending on perspective, there is an even and smooth retraction back into the sea leaving what the sea has carried to shore creating a new and beautiful shoreline. Quiet and cool you admire the beauty and know that there will be another
wave but for now its your brain remembering the nostalgia, holding onto it for when times are rough and you brain needs a vacation to keep spirits high. Another hour from now will roll in the new year. I woke up today and just kept going, it was a crazy day. I
got a call from the auto glass guy saying hes going to be here in an hour. So I went to search for jim to help me but he was in the back passed out on the floor drunk, not
surprised. I had to do it myself, get the windshield out. I grabbed a crowbar and a heat gun and took out some frustration on the windshield, while im bashing in the windshield
the national grid guy arrives to turn my gas on for the back apartment. I go to show him the gas and left him to it because the glass guy arrived. He told me there is no way he is
putting in the glass because its dangerous, I asked how so? He said if you got into a roll over it wouldnt crumple the right way. If I got into a roll over im fucked anyway, I
told him I need to be able to run to the store and get my kid milk, He called to see if he could just sell me the glass. He could and did, I asked for advice on how to put the new
windshield in and he started to show me how by actually doing it. At this point the gas guy needed me. He was asking me if I had any appliances to test, I told him im
renovating so no and he told me that he cannot turn on the gas without an appliance to test. He went on about how the lady here last week must of been here to turn on the
upstairs gas and I told him that its been on for a year and it seemed like he didnt listen to a word I said and that's because he didnt I was losing my mind with the guy. I
snapped and yelled at him calling him a fucking idiot and a numb skull, I feel bad about that now because later on when he had to come and give me the paperwork I saw his
hand shaking a little and I felt like I yelled at a child, these people are all children without adult guidance, I hope he forgives me in his heart someday. While I was inside relaxing
I saw the glass guy taking the old windshield off so Jess went out there and gave him a twenty and he took it, I really appreciated it. While I was cooling down inside I see that
the glass guy is actually installing my windshield. This made me feel good, which is awesome considering Im having a tough time with emotions right now because I think I
had an aneurysm, I need to get a CT scan done on my brain. I am still fully functional and that is because I have to be I have people who rely on me and I need people to
know there is a better way to live by actually living, its funny but sad. Everyone is working and being distracted and not actually living, everyone is confused, more
confused than me. I just want everyone to be happy and have the ability to radiate love to one another. I have twenty 8 minutes left before the new year to tell you what happened, first I have to remember. Yes, I called the ambulance and requested my
PCR and Kuntree sounded worried in her voice, she should be if they find something wrong with my brain, the hospital too. Matts almost all moved in upstairs, the basement
is clean the back apartment is really nice, my car is driveable, everyone is in good health. This is it, Im fucking happy. I just want to be surrounded by the ones I love as
they are what I hold on for and I long for the day I get to see theodore again, I miss him and I miss johnathan. I hope I dont create anymore huge ripples that come back to
stress me out. I will enter the new year as a new me but still myself, more aware, more conscious with a higher capacitance for love and understanding. Ive learned so much
this year and I know who I am by how I feel and this is my reality, my life, I keep pushing forward. I forgive all those who have given me nightmares and heart ache and keep the comforting feeling like a hug of hope close to my heart, remember to think about it

It only makes sense
20190102
Its a new year does that really change anything? Is time a thing or our way of keeping track of life? I felt time once. In the beginning I died and came back but I think I know what that was. I realized the
DXM made my mucous in my mouth very thick and I think it had a similar effect on my blood and other systems in my body, like adding gelatin to water and it slowly thickems. As my blood pressure rises to push
the viscous fluid noreal exchanges or electrical activity can move well, as the fluid is more viscous the hotter my body got acting like a resistor. Heating up and pushing harder to conduct electrical signals. For
only a very few seconds i felt time slow down, it felt like my vision went to panoramic view as I could start to see more and I had a new feeling this is new was what time stopping feels like, how it feels to die and I
dont remember after that It lasted for less than a minute but now I knew what time felt like and it was something else, out of this world.
Yesterday I had another episode where I became so confused I landed in the hospital, I have a theory as to what happened but let me explain the events leading up to that point. I came to a realization,
well my prime consciousness did as it is always using the Wisdom of The Crowd Logic, Holm-Bonferroni Method and Compare/Contrast?combine method. I realized that the higher my blood pressure got while I
had the intent of figuring something out, leading to helping someone else out or just doing something productive in general while X I have a higher level of consciousness and using my method I found out that
when people say Jesus will return they mean his level of consciousness will return someday and I feel I almost achieved it yesterday. I feel the pulsing in my head are like, as I call it, the Aurora Brainialous, like
magnetic waves or pulses. What if the higher my blood pressure is the more of an electromagnetic field I create allowing a high capacitance of consciousness. Like a generator or motor once you spin it fast enough
the engine turns on and runs. This is what creates jesuss halo, the increased capacitance of consciousness. People were not ready for it 2thousand years ago and I guess are not ready for it now. I really feel with all
the suffering ive gone through in life and how much I care for how other humans live that with my new found consciousness elevation I would be able to turn it on permanently, this is achieved by turning your
consciousness on, you know when you get to this point because you will have a halo around your head from the extreme motion of blood and electrical activity creating that electromagnetic field halo, I figured out
what the halo on Jesuss head is from and its a real thing and achievable. By this point my hair was staticy but I was having a hard time staying conscious and I dont mean awake. I mean able to feel and fully
understand my surroundings. I had to meditate as I started having trouble moving my limbs. During my meditation I met the forces that are within my reality. There was earth consciousness, universe
consciousness and god consciousness. I feel like thats what the three were they were almost like a asymmetrical black hole of gravity force and had an event horizon ring in the shape of a lighting bolt but in
an asymmetrical circle each had their own color, only on the lighting bolt circle event horizon. My consciousness was there and I was asking for a halo to show people that love and living in peace is possible,
an actual quality of life that isnt just work, work work. I feel like these forces were confused by what I wanted or feel like Im not the one that time already has on that path. It makes me a little sad but I know
Im not that pure, im rough around the edges but the stress ive endured my life without any guidance, anyone showing me the way, having to learn everything by making the mistakes that the human animal side
of me that I was, still have within me would be forgiven and I could achieve such an honor but I guess that wasnt in the cards for me. As I put my consciousness out there, giving my all, not knowing anything about
life at this point only feeling the creations of these forces, only knowing what I came there to ask I let go and came back without the halo. I am still grateful for the life I have and the people in my life, everything is 
50/50 and to get the chance to be happy is enough, im happy. I know this should be enough but I still have wants and needs, the need to pursue the truth of what is going on
around me, where I came from, who I am, where Im going. I know however I will be here however long I want within reason as this is my reality. Is that selfish, If I wasnt meant for the halo then I am just like everyone else and
that is okay, I love everyone else. I just want my kids with me and to be happy and to float in the sky, but alive would be nice, so I move forward. I started to know where I was and that is in the hospital, I started to
come back to reality, the reality created my the combined consciousness of my peers. I love to feel more than think but everything needs to happen like a wave, you must have varying degrees of something to
contrast, without the ability to contrast, measure against, you cannot know and that is where you can only imagine in your head, in your dreams, in your imagination. Your imagination is the what if, if only, could I
possibly? This leads to what makes up the human spirit combined with love and hope and their varying degrees of amplitude on their spectrum. They gave me a CT scan at the hospital and took my blood, they
found nothing in my blood, nothing in my urine and a clean CT scan. They said I was in perfect health and called it anxiety, I know what I know to be truth. Back to what I was saying in the beginning. I have a
theory. Why would I have these two episodes where Im not stroking out but I actual had neurological problems, confusion with an hour of laughing and crying and once I get to the hospital it's over and then the
next day when I figure out what a halo is I lost periods of time then severe confusion that I slowly came back from without so much as a vitamin level off in my blood. This is all days before my court cases, yes
could just be high stress levels. But what if making my known consciousness more aware I made my prime consciousness even more aware and I knew but didnt know exactly what I was doing, playing the long
game, could it be a self preservation mechanism, a highly developed one. That is my theory and it makes me just think about it...
20190104
. Youll be left in the dust if I dont stick by ya Youre a Sunflower, Youre a Sunflower, You will never be too much I just felt this song Jess just put on. Ive been feeling this song all day. Today was a
huge day for me. It was the decider whether I go to prison, not jail, prison. I woke up knowing what today is, Its the day of my court appearance for violation of probation. This is all the cascade aftermath of Nicole's
attempt to disrupt, corrupt or interrupt me, but I wont let that happen... anymore. I got a letter from John today saying the court will appoint an attorney to my case. This is John
disassociating from the situation. I know he doesn't want to be involved but he has come so far and this is really it. I need 4tee 5hundred dollars, its going to be painful this time, but its in the region of hope, faith
and miracle. This is where saints are made and John is a saint regardless, I know he will come through for me, not happily but he will. I signed over my title to my car to jess, gave her all my passwords and pins as I
thought I was going away for a while today. Jess was slowly crying through the morning, she loves me so much and I love her so much. My magnets came today and in a weird way I thought If I could pull off Anti
Gravity and everything would go away, that wasn't the case. I actually got a second degree burn on my, well, I cant find it as it healed so fast, thats odd. I went into the basement and did what I could with my
mercury the coil wouldn't fit inside the bird perch so I just put the long magnets inside and coiled the coil of niobium around the mercury filled quartz tube. I put the drill to the top of the rod sticking out of the bird
perch enclosed with magnets and I made them spin, very, very fast. I got nothing. All I got was a pit in the bottom of my stomach thinking Im going away to jail for a year today, I didnt want to believe it so I
meditated. Ive been feeling very connected lately. I went back upstairs and I could feel the thoughts on everyone's minds, JAIL, JAIL, JAIL!!! But what I heard was you will be okay, youre not going to jail Scott, yeah
right im going to jail. All I saw was IN GOD WE TRUST. I took everything out of my pockets and they went through the metal detector, lifted the pants over my boots to show my dirty socks, looked clean and I was
good to go. At this point I am starting to lose feeling in my left pinky, the tension is killing me. My lawyer asks for a recap and I give him one of my life. I let him know If i go to jail today my house on prospect ave
falls apart, I have idiots to take care of they need their dribbles wiped on a daily basis. I say that because as I write this those people are in the kitchen drunk loud as fuck while the baby is sleeping not using their
brains, numbing their brains away with alcohol, the second worst drug in history, heroin being number one. I plan on meeting and talking with a Sackler one day, look up that last name, sickening. I am here today
because of their family indirectly, there's no way to trace life events and how they affect and correlate to other people but I know because of that name my brother is dead, that is not the only name involved but I
will get to that. The lawyer, judge and ada went into a closed room to talk, a conference, my left side of my body is almost entirely numb and i closed my eyes and meditated, my Aurora Branialis were even at a
standstill pulsing. I can't see I can only hear, I hear the court officer walk to the back of the room. I knew he did this to block off the door as I was thinking if I needed to make a run for it that was my escape plan, now
im really fucked, FUCKED! I feel like im not even touching the ground as my blood pulsates through my body at un natural rates, systolic in the 2fifties, diastolic in the 1fifties, pulse approaching Supraventricular
tachycardia rates. My lawyer comes back and I try to make out his facial expression as over 7venty5 percent of communication is body language, He had a calm look on his face I see a neutral resolve. Sure
enough he said Scott so heres the deal, they were thinking of giving you a county bullet ( funny I only heard that term from my brother jim which means a year in prison, coming from my lawyer) and getting
it over with. The judge thinks that with such an unusual situation I should get a mental health evaluation and do it quick! This is a chance I let out my breath and I am still light headed and can't feel
my left hand but I get to walk out of the courtroom. I was prepared to give a speech similar to hitlers at his trial for treason, if I was gifted with anything it is my ability to talk, sometimes I do it too much and
it gets me into trouble though. Its funny the red head court officer at the back of the room was looking at me and I looked at him i asked are you a wrestler? he replied yeah why? I said  because I
wrestled throughout high school he said  me too we both smiled he knew what I was thinking that if I was going to jail I would run but I said  you look like youre in a lot better of shape than me and I 
dont think I would be able to get passed you we both had a good laugh Daddys home.

20190107
Did you know the male Cichlid Fish will change color depending on how well they are doing in life winning access to food and females, they show a trait, gene expression,
of humans seldom understood. This is initially established early in development of the male fish but lets say he dies or the function or role he should fulfill is not being
preformed another male with express this gene and change color. There is more to the meaning of this phenomena, people think genes are fixed but I know they are not and
we are highly adaptable with functional procedural processeeses. Stanford University found gene regulation can happen in an ongoing process throughout life from the
Epigenetic processes. Ive found this is how we alter our genes through feelings and life experience, its not so much of thinking to change or switch genes on or off its think
feeling as earlier explain that ive discovered. Another theory which I think is interesting you may wonder what is memory and past life knowledge and how do these children
sometimes remember past lives and how does this relate to our brains, where is this stored. They are stored as different electromagnetic signature vibrational/frequencies in
the form of genes or genetic code. When you look at the brain you are literally looking at the structure of our history, memories, genetic configurations pertaining to natural
instincts the automation of autonomic nervous system processes like blood pressure regulation, heart beat, breathing and specific areas are not singularly responsible for
that specific process they encompass many receptors and parts in the body to regulate near homeostasis, our brains are a visual understanding of our recorded and functional
history. Also many people think singularly like for example someone is generally dumb if they do not have common sense but may be a math genius. This is because people are
often lacking in understanding, there is no one definition for intelligence but ive come up with one and as Einstein said if you cant explain it to a child you dont fully
understand it yourself. Intelligence is the capacitance for understanding, thats it. There are rocket scientists, Doctors, judges, lawyers, engineers and the list goes on that are
complete dummies. You are not smart if you know how to memorize every book in the world it's a combination of being able to remember what you need to know, how to
reference a book when you need to know something and being able to apply that knowledge to real life situations. Throughout history job fields change, knowledge is
added and removed, right and wrong is slightly viewed differently, perspective on reality is changed like once the earth was flat now its almost common knowledge that it is
round but one thing has never changed, intelligence. The smartest people were the ones who had a great capacitance for understanding, the philosophers, sometimes
artists. This is due to a condition in ou brains linking the right and left side correctly. You can live with one half of your brain but your view on the world would be different, you
have a part of your brain that constantly questions the facts of the world you think or learn and choose whether to apply it to your overall view as truth or not, seems like this
is an underactive function of the brain as many have a hard accepting change based on facts and truth if it goes against their beliefs, this leads me to think there is an overall
underutilization of this brain function, not by malformation but by evolutionary choice as we are all not ready to function independently together at full capacity, we would destroy
each other still with Entropy dominance involving misunderstanding and violence instead of using the love spectrum, a spectrum has a black and white and the whole
colors in between for understanding purposes I explain it this way. Being of love and understanding doesnt mean your always happy and a fool that gets walked all over it
means that you use love to guide actions constructively instead of in a destructive way such as Entropy which is defined by the law of thermodynamics, its that evil force we
like to make these grand and whimsical stories involving. The love spectrum has frustration, anger, grief and despair but attached to that negative side of the spectrum is
understanding and acceptance and forgiveness. I always thought I would kill the guy one day, (Pepe is his name, we knew this guy through my mom since we were little
kids) who let my brother Johnathan die. He watched him die took his watch and money and called the police an hour later with Jonathan's dead body sitting at a table in his
basement while he sat a few feet away from him on his couch probably watching t.v. I wanted to kill him and that is an act out of the Entropy force, part of our reality and
existence as it is needed in the universe consciousness ( I will get to what that means later). I realize now that I need to forgive him as it weighs heavy on my heart, I forgive
and I will never forget but that anger will never go away and death is a new chapter in his story and I rather let him live with knowing this is the second person he has done
this too the heroin junkie piece of shit. He must live with the soul stabbing knowledge weight of his actions, this is why I think bad people live longer because life is what you
make it and the good ones who are different types of people or sacrificial in nature to show us the way, like jesus for example or at the end of the journey die young as they
are full of light, higher consciousness which may not have been expressed or need to repeat human life again to ascend to a higher dimension. These Bad people live longer
in a state of despair and tortured meaningless lives and fall to lower states of dimensional consciousness or learn and grow but we all play a part. This doesnt also
mean when I see him I wont without all my might smack the shit out of his little bitch face, its all perspective people and knowing the rights and wrongs according to yourself
the morals and ethics, your own feeling or belief of truth and whats right and the laws of humans weve collectively come up with to guide existence into productivity, its always
changing and being interpreted differently and sometimes wrong, so do and judge things with understanding, an open mind. For example my grandmother is almost Ate-E
years old and that doesnt mean she's been on the earth this long because she a bad person to logically flaw my previous statement. You have to look at the whole situation,
have a high capacitance for understanding. She is a saint, she had four kids back to back, became a school teacher and dealt with an alcoholic husband and raised these
four kids to be good people. She is a guide here on earth full of light and love, just because she didnt die early doesnt mean she isnt a good person her situation is just
different as everything is almost on a spectrum for comparison and contrasting as to create the ability to judge, understand and co-exist. We as humans have the ability to
adapt to fulfill special and specific needs that can be complex and whimsical and convoluted but we need to have a high capacitance for understanding which everyone
can work on, most are not born this way, myself included but I chose to work and expand on this and thats why I am here where I am like the Cichlid fish, expressing a
genetic variant, activation. This also didnt happen magically, dont go through life being naive, we are all naive with some more than others but we all have the capacity to grow,
unless you have an actual structural or medical condition that would allow this. Nothing is really black and white, look at nature, nothing nature has created has ever been a straight line,
everything is slightly curved or in motion, straight lines are a construct of the human mind, not natural in nature...think about it and try
to understand.

20190112
iM FRUSTRATED, REALLY FRUSTRATED, WHY YOU ASK? NO, YOU DIDNT ASK BECAUSE YOU DONT GIVE A SHIT. iTS OKAY THOUGH BECAUSE
APPARENTLY THATS NORMAL! FUCKING normal, BUT HOW? tHE iNSTITUTE OF hEARTMATH IS AN INTERNATIONALLY RECOGNIZED
NONPROFIT RESEARCH AND EDUCATION ORGANIZATION and David Wilcock go hand in hand, no pun intended. When I opened My art studio, which I
thought I would never open, I wanted to have a program running at all times about truth teachings. That is how I found Gaia, it's a
television network that has lots of different avenues and one ave. i wanted to use was morning yoga at my 11ooam studio. I Never had one
customer come and pay to do yoga, the only paying customer i had at 11ooam was a lady, she would come every weekend for our sip and paint
sessions. The first time we opened we didnt have tables, I wanted to have the whole floor, peace, paint but she was older so she said her hips
werent like they used to be, I felt like a jerk but I understood and I built tables. Its funny how we are all connected and I have concrete
PROOF we are connected I will get there but first Heart Math. Feelings have a direct correlation to how your heart beats, your EKG will show how
the depolarizing changes based on intention and mood, Heart Math proves that and David Wilcox strangely enough advocated for this link, this
connection we are all bound by on the earth, strange enough is that he is from Schenectady a few miles from me, never met the guy.
Ive had some crazy things happen to me the past few days. But first you should subscribe to GAIA Network, I have no affiliation with them but most
of what they say is the truth but remember truth applies to everyone differently because we each have our own perspective, but truth is truth it's
sometimes just viewed different, so try to see the truth before just disregarding, as this is how life worked, if everything was the same for
everyone we would not be individuals. The heart wants what the heart wants, but does it get it? When you want something, not like food but want someone, you feel the love, does that
ever go away? You cannot force a reciprocated response but you hold onto the hope, your heart holds on to the love that is has but is not there, waiting
for a bus in the middle of a cold night and the bus never comes is how it feels. Things happen for a reason and karma, those things I think are brain
things but long lost loves, heartbreak, being cold, spouse death induced heart failure. These are things of emotions, of love, of our heart, they do not come
from the brain in fact the is evidence showing the heart has a brain of its own and that is where our souls are if we can narrow it down, you just need
to feel wholeheartedly. I keep having dreams of this girl Kim I went to highschool with, yeah sounds creepy but im not contacting her or anything
and I don't control my dreams and they are not sex related, never once. Its like over the years we go on different dates in these dreams and just recently
had a baby. Its like a life story in my dreams, we are together in dreams. I have no control of that, do you have control of your dreams? I don't think of
her during the day or ever rarely but she is a huge part of my dream journey and I want to know why, does Kim Mckiernan have these dreams too? Are we
all connected in our dreams?


20190115
The super blood wolf moon approaches and things are getting CRAZY! Literally out of control. I had it out with my father asking for help with my
lawyer, the lawyer wants $3500 and 1k paid in two 5hundred dollar payments. He said NO! Like hes helped me my whole life, he has not been around my
whole life. When I was a kid I stayed up all night watching my brothers as my mom leaves for the night, coming home with crack and drugs and hood
type guys. When i go to sleep my kid items are stolen by her drug friends, he has no idea how I grew up because he just paid his child support and he felt
that was good enough. My brother jim would have bad asthma attacks at night and I would have to help him while my mom was out on the
streets making money the old fashioned way, sometimes at home and I could hear it. I never slept as a kid, my brain blocks a lot of the things ive
been through. Jess is the same having similar experience growing up in a hotel room while her mom had sex with random guys right there in
front of her and her brothers, sickening. I would NEVER do that to my children, neither would she. What the fuck is wrong with the world,
Money? Is that all, some paper is more important than the sanity of my generation, of humans, we are all beings of love and understanding
being abused by a corrupt system, I am not, I repeat I am not implying anarchy as that is just a silly idea by people who cannot for
solutions for their problems without enacting the Scorched Earth Policy, that is not the way. There is a way however
but will anyone listen. Let's keep everything how it is, I like what I have, I like my safety and security and that I can go up the road to get a quarter inch ninety
degree elbow to fix my home's pipes, thats nice be grateful for what we have but we are not slaves we are free humans. Higher pay, less days, easy solution,
its so fucking simple. Give the grocery store guy who has been there a year a big bump and then at five years an even bigger bump in pay and keep it where
they can only work three days a week max, humans need to find time for family and hobbies to be human, because if not then why do everything we are
doing, who are we doing it for? Start doing it for yourself and we can fix problems and live peacefully, from the heart, with LOVE.
After a stern no I contacted my grandmother, I have never asked my family for help but this I feel is life or death I asked my grandmother, I
remember when my dad and Laura, my ex- step-mother, divorced she helped him because everytime we went there I saw him hand her thousands of dollars
on multiple occasions. From what I know now he wanted the house she wanted the cash and it was done. About eight years ago I asked my
grandmother for help when working for Mohawk Ambulance, at the time an EMT paid minimum wage, barley had food, trying to pay rent and now my car
wont pass inspection because the tires are too worn down. My dad said no but she said yes and they both helped me out with the 4hundred dollar bill, very
nice. Im grateful to have family that I can ask for help some people do not even have this, I wish I could be that guy to that person who really needed
help, not like I want a new xbox help, the im so down and out and if I dont have gas money I cant get to work because I just had to pay rent and im
broke help, the honest help, I want to be the guy the people without family can turn to, but how would I set that up. I wouldnt want it to be a bunch of
paperwork filed first with a notarized document stating why you need the money, thats just crazy, how about trust and honesty, its hard but people
want to be good but its hard when you have to survive. My grandmother said she wish had a way to help and tried to help me
come up with ideas, its okay I told her, you dont have to, I told her I love you no matter what I just want to be around to see my kids first steps, her
first words, the things I should be there for. My liberty shouldnt be taken away because of a lie my ex filed against me because i'm seeking custody of
my kid Theo who I miss with all my heart, but its not her problem so I cant be upset right? But she is my family, I let it go and just thought of being
thrown into a concrete hole for a reason they dont know and I dont know. Im sure they recite the law to you all day, for hours and hours and HOURS,
wasting life and time, but the why they will not be able to tell you, my probation officer doesn't know WHY im on interm probation, no one knows
anything and im scared for that fact, wake the fuck up people start asking some questions politely and dont take well I dont know with the head roll
away as an answer, come up with a solution like  well, do you know someone I can talk to who might know the answer? thats productive.
The next day my dad calls cursing me out and says how much do you need, grandma is very worried about you. Makes me happy she cares for me, sAddens
me I have to be cursed out first, I understand they have worked long and hard for their money, my dad a licensed electrician, my grandma, a retired grade
school teacher. I am very appreciative and plan to pay them back but Im tired of how mean this world can be, sure its okay every now and then, needed in
fact but there's too much these days of it and the confusion is mind blowing, plans are set now I wait for John to be the saint, will he fulfill his role,
life is 50/50 we are put in situations and we get to make the choices, what will he choose, it all comes down to him now for my freedom.


20190117
I think I have MRSA on my foot, ive had eczema like patch that hasnt gone away in a year, its not an open wound or anything just like a scab that
won't heal and I think I know why, gross, yes, but a workplace hazard I guess. There are reports coming out locally that they are finding MRSA on
oxygen tanks in ambulances and I cant tell you how many patients Ive transported with it, its just a superbug that wont let wounds heal is all,
but still a big deal. Luckily for me I know the cure, using my Wisdom of the crowd logic x Holm-Bonferroni method and compare, contrast and combine I
found the solution It has to do with topica, in my case strong antibiotics mixed with strong Probiotics, dont believe me look it up, I did.
My bills are piling up, probation says I need a job, my doctor says im disabled, my bills say pay me we dont care how you get the money or your out
of luck, what to do? Any normal person would be fucked, not me, but I feel so bad for anyone in this situation who has no family and the mind society
threw them out there with, these are the people who snap and do bad things because they know no other way, but there is always a peaceful way. That
reminds me of my little brother Johnathan, he was down and out, my dad TRIED HELPING HIM BY TAKING HIM TO THE HOSPITAL, ST. CHARLES
HOSPITAL IN PORT JEFFERSON, N.Y. TO GET HELP. THEY SAID HE WASNT HIGH RISK ENOUGH FOR HELP, THEY SAID BECAUSE HE WAS ONLY
SHOOTING UP AND DYING FROM JUST HEROIN THAT HE WAS NOT HIGH RISK, WE TRIED TO FIND A WAY TO GET A XANAX HE COULD TAKE AND GO
BACK THERE SO HE WOULD HAVE TWO DRUGS IN HIS SYSTEM SO HE WOULD BE HIGH RISK, ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME? MAYBE HE WOULD STILL
BE ALIVE BUT WHAT CAN I DO ABOUT THAT, SUE THE HOSPITAL? NO ONE CARES, NO ONE LISTENS BECAUSE NO ONE KNOWS ANYTHING. EVERYONE
JUST LOOKS TO THE NEXT PERSON TO HELP THEM MAKE A DECISION LIKE A CHILD, A BUNCH OF CONFUSED CHILDREN, SICKENS ME TO THE
BOTTOMLESS CORE OF SADNESS AND HATE I HAVE, I DON'T WANT TO HAVE BUT I HAVE NO CHOICE, its time for me to figure it out It's what I do best, you made me this way, all of you, we are all connected, ALL OF YOU!!

20190119
Concrete proof here it is, im writing in the future about something that happened in the past, dont try to follow that it just makes more sense
for me this way. This woman Aja Trier who I friend requested on facebook about six to ate years ago, we had a moment but first how do I know her.
When working at Mohawk Ambulance out of schenectady NY. I was working with my partner Brad Bing I will call him, Its his name just shortened, he
showed me a piece of art that he purchased from a local Scotia artist and I fell in love, I never forgot her name from that day, it was fate. Ever since
then ive followed her work, long before I knew I could even paint, back when my brain was not turned on, when I was just another scared,
confused, human wandering about aimlessly, also this was before I hit my three year mark with Mohawk Ambulance where they finally
offered me full time and health insurance, at the time I had bad stomach issues and no insurance, I had to turn to Uncle Doctor which hes a nice guy but too easy going.
Her artwork will forever be a favorite of mine, the beauty, not just the beauty but you feel the intention, the feeling that goes into her atwork and the depth of the colors are mouthwatering and hair raising at the same time
is the only way to describe it, pure love. I woke up and scrolled through facebook and saw a post of hers, all of a sudden my AUrora
Branealis went crazy, so weird, like my gut instinct but in my head so I had to go with it, and I did. I looked up the artist SNOW, the song informer. Ive
never heard of him but I went to youtube to find the song she woke up with in her head, she said she has not listened to it in many many years, the
whole thing was weird. I looked him up and found him and sent him a friend request on facebook. I sent him a message about El Potro as I thought maybe there's
a one in a million shot this would lead anywhere but the signs are pointing me to this. He messaged me back wanting proof that my boss is Joseph Deacetis and is a
contributor for forbes and just did an article on Sean Combs aka P.Diddy. I sent it and he opened his trust doors. He informed me he is doing a collab
with Daddy Yankee the latin american rapper, this is amazing, the clothing brand is centered around the latin american culture and they are set to
release a hit single january 26th 2019, they wanted to work with us! WE ARE IN. I told them I was his manager and Joseph said, You are my manager! I
just created myself a job because of a dream Aja had, the women I friend requested about ate years ago because of my partner Brad, which by the way
we are never assigned the same partners every day its random, concrete proof how we are all connected! This is the post she made about the whole event
which was really nice, its the proof, I talk in truths and seek truth and I am aligned with the universe and it feels good to be home. <3
<3
<3
<3
<3
The Heart Wants What The Heart Wants, But Does It Get It? Sometimes.. But there is always dreams...

20190117
Back to the present day, so something crazy happened last night, not unusual at this point in my life. I was asked by Jess to go to price chopper
and pick up some formula, I took nancy with me, I knew what she was going to do but its survival in this crazy world, im not condoning it as i don't like
it and its not right but they are a large corporation that has theft insurance at the end of the year they get a nice fat check for whats missing,
everyone wins. If there was no theft there would be no Theft insurance jobs, hard losses on products that were not sold, think about it if they really
wanted to deter theft they would its easy but they turn it into a game almost, its like my dad said to me if your going to do something stupid just
dont get caught, coming from the most military straight edge guy, workaholic normal boring asshole guy that I call dad.
So I go in and look around and ask about formula, baby formula and they say its locked up in the front. Okay so I will get that last. What do I
need? I really need to think, because what i really need price chopper doesnt have and cannot provide but what do i really need from that store in this
moment, water, yes, water. I love water, it is life, it's seventee% of what i am. Im going to spoil myself, yeah, doing it. I got fiji water, the best water
known to man, that an avion water i had it at fashion week two years ago. I keep walking and see super glue, cant have enough super glue! Comes in handy, right?
I go to check out and say I need formula and this snotty old lady picks up a sign as for me to read it, it says something about wic, like what the fuck does that have to do with i need formula. She says nothing so i say
okay..can i get formula she comes closer to me puts the sign in my face and point to the wording, after a few moments of awkward silence she says go to
an isle. I SNAPP!!!!! RESPECTFULLY THOUGH!!!! I said I always go through self check out and have gotten formula here before she said well if your using
wic as you can, i cut her off! I am paying in cash her arms and defensive pose relaxes and she backs away like everything is okay, NO! Everything is not okay.
Is this how everyone who uses wic is treated? Sickening. Pure disregard for human connection, i lost it nicely. I asked for the manager and the manager
did nothing but turn his back to me and did not handle the situation. I am so scared this world is full of confused people. The young manager can't handle
a civil dispute and the rude elderly lady i should treat with respect is talking to me like i'm her dog, what has the world come to? I recorded the whole
thing and plan on talking to their bosses, you can see the video on my youtube channel link here:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HrM5LPpa1Lo
Just look up Price Chopper discrimination It only got weirder from there. I get home and upload the video and think who can I show this to? I know most people dont care about anything going
on around them, desensitized to each other, to caring, to love. Maybe that is why everyone is offended by everything, by being overly desensitised that the littlest bit of sensitivity is too much for the general population. Like MRSA
a superbug formed by over cleaning, getting stronger and stronger until complete nonsense, that's always the end result nonsense it makes no sense.
I went online and found all the numbers for the executives for price chopper, i found a ben golub which has an email that is:
murdah4life336@aol.com Weird right, rich kid acting like killing is cool! Pathetic, killing is a sign of a lower dimensional soul, sure there are instances where it is justified but
you feel it, cops, judges, no one can judge you your heart will carry the weight in the end, you know the truth even if you refuse to see it. Kind of sad,
wish everyone could wake up and be harmonious but if that happened life wouldnt be what it is, what is it to you, what is the spectrum of life for you?
This kid never answered his phone, figures, so I called neil, this guy is 8teeone years ol at four:thirty in the morning, for that i am sorry. Way too early to
call someone, i just wanted something done, NOW! But that was not the right avenue. He wakes up in an old person rage, no yelling because if he yells he
knows he will have a stroke but stern and furious tone  are you serious calling me at this hour. I had a talking to and deserved it I affected his
reality, his perception and I should not have done that. I feel bad but thats all over. I waited all day a guy named Scott with risk management for the
Golubs called me and told me everything had been taken care of and the employees were talked to and he feels that the solution is resolved, i do not,
at this time. I told him i am taking them to small claims court, he wants to know about ben and his email address, said i left a voicemail, maybe i did but
what kind of an email name is that for a rich kid? I called him back, no answer. He called me back and i said you know what im not going to do
anything i feel the situation is resolved and taken care of, he was happy with this and said if i recorded this to delete it, real sketchy stuff, really focused
on the email name, what is going on? About half an hour later he calls me back asking if i called him again after our last conversation, i replied, no. so
what i took from that is he called me back without knowing i called him to resolve the issue, why do that? Why would a risk manager do that? Starting to creep me out so we both did a wierd, awkward laugh and said TAKE
CARE, take care of what? Not me i hope

20190118
Cant stand waiting for the money, all the pressure is on me always to keep everything afloat, i want to do that but i don't like that i have to stress
others in the process. John restricted never got back to me. He should have sent 2thousand on monday or tuesday but here it is thursday (=)) and there's
no food, gas, diapers or wipes. Yeah i applied for jobs but no one has gotten back to me now the court thinks im crazy so i have to play the part for the
story to have a happy ending so i get a schizo diagnosis, now i have to apply for disability. I lost my mind in Gloversville and got a fucking upgrade, much
deserved, but I have to pay for the upgrade it seems. sitting , hearing the seconds go TICK, tock, TICK, tock, TICK TICK TICK FUCKING tock. No, im
not waiting time does not wait so why should I, typing tick makes me think of Johnathan, we said he had tourettes because he had a tick he always breathed
hard into one nostril and then cleared his throat like an ocd thing, I fucking miss my brother, Johnathan the alien, johnathan the leo, johnathan the saint,
he saved my life but i wish he was here I called the TSA right now the government is shut down so no one is getting paid, unfortunate. I
called the wrong airport, LaGuardia first, but I got it right the second time, JFK. there has always been a saint at JFK since they started
hiring, my grandfather buell, known as bud was an air traffic controller there, he died of alcoholism, I think he was as crazy as me, the saxaphone playing heart, he
should of loved his kids the right way, I know he didnt because my dad is who he is and the stories ive heard, and seen at family
parties, me and my grandfather Buell Wesley Baker, I hope you are at peace, I got a tattoo just for you, I was young and dumb but it has meaning. Someone
at TSA answered and gave me the correct extension, I said I was Johns Step Son and he would give me a call back. Sure enough a call back from John
Restricted, we spoke and he sounded almost sad, or passionless, like he gave up, i heard it in his voice, I feel bad because I do love him, He is a true human
heart disguised as a brain, a shield for humanity. I know now what kind of saint john Victor Polizzi is he is the Purple Hearted Saint of Shield. This is
EXACTLY WHAT HE IS, i see it now. I don't need the pope to give this holy denomination because Ive known him all my life, what Ive seen and what he is and that is it.
My heart bleeds right now, i feel it it's a warm sad slosh that gravity has to clean up but half asss it. Just found out Jim might not just be in jail
for a week but might go away for a year, makes me sad. He causes so many problems but I love him a lot, he is my brother and that will never change
and in my head i plan a jail break but first tomorrow at court i will get more information on what's going on.
20190118
SURPRISE ITS A BAKER, THE HEART WANTS WHAT THE HEART WANTS, BUT DOES IT GET IT? NATALIE AND JIMMY GOT IT, A POSITIVE
PREGNANCY TEST. tHIS IS A HAPPY SAD MOMENT. jIM WAS SENTENCED TO A REHAB FOR TWENTEEATE DAYS THEN TO A HALF/WAY HOUSE FOR 6IX
MONTHS, THIS IS THE FIRST TIME JIM WILL BE ON HIS ON IN LIFE, A JOURNEY FOR HIM. I LOVE MY BROTHER AND WANT WHAT'S BEST AND THIS IS IT, I WANT JIM HERE
BUT HE NEEDS TO BE THERE NOW, SO HE WILL GO.. -A BABY BAKER
20190119
Don't mix substances, sure we drink caffeine then have that sugary morning pastry which give you the warm and ready to go feeling but then you
feel very hungry by noon, try to be healthy or short on time, whatever and STUFF YOUR PIG HOLES, yeah your fat fucking pig hole, companies feed us pig
stock, no, no, no. it not milk and cereal, or mac and cheese its PIG STOCK, might look different but its all pig stock, food is when your hungry you eat
a healthy meal, maybe not tofu and vegan rice, gross, but there are some amazing veggie burgers and a bag of roasted potatoes with some cantaloupe
as a snack, wash it down with some water, thats human fuel not PIG STOCK, here, piggy, piggy, piggy! Keep shoving down your pig hole what we
recommend, and if you don't like that we have a similar thing you may not like, shove it down piggy, just dont think, dont feel, seriously, dont spend the
two seconds and ask yourself am I hungry or am I just eating because farmer Fuck Face is throwing little debbie strawberry shortcakes at my face. Instead
of not thinking and eating it like the good fat piece of shit piggy you are, take a second and think hey this little debbie is squishy, how about I throw
it back at farmer fuck face and trade him a shit debbie for his dinner plate . Now that's thinking little piggy and hey, frozen veggies and frozen veggie
burgers three times a day might give me more time and agility to do the things i love, like, be a human being who has hobbies and passions, find them
little piggy fuck face. Remember you will always be little piggy fuck face but who gives a shit, you have to not give a shit what someone else thinks of
that name and just know you are doing what's best for YOU, what makes YOU happy not farmer fuck face with his ulterior motives, everyone's got them
except you so stop letting people just shove sprinkled covered shit in a cone and calling it ice cream and shoving it in your face, just because, NO, not just
because, its WHY, ask fucking why? Cant hurt and when it does hurt, the person hurting is the deceptionist. Be honest with yourself because you will
always be a little fat piggy fuck and there's nothing you can do about it except how you react to it in everyday situations, that's it, get used to it
LITTLE FAT FUCKING PIGGY FAT FUCKING PIECE OF SHIT PIG WHO NO ONE WOULD NOTICE IF YOU EVER EXISTED OR DIED LIKE YOU WERE NEVER A
THING LITTLE PIGGY, BE SOMETHING OR YOU WILL BE NOTHING, NEVER and forever, just do now, right now LITTLE FAT FUCKING PIGGY, oink! Oink!
Dont mix substances because you cant make a left and right turn at the same time, makes no sense asshole, dont do, f you try you would split yourself in
half and never be whole again if you make it, just think about it..20

20190121
THE HEART CAN ONLY TAKE SO MUCH, BUT THERE IS TOO MUCH, WHAT TO DO? DO THE BEST YOU CAN WHILE BEING CIVIL, OR RESPONSIBLE.
20190123
Its hard for me to keep track of all the crazy in my life, each day is fucking dramatic but thats because i chose this, so forgive me for
backtracking or repeating myself. Thats why i write because my brain is not an ordered page by page book, i remember chapters, summaries but not every
single word, sentence paragraph, i dont have pure photographic memory even though that is where our evolution is headed, i know it. My dads birthday was
the 20th i wonder how it went, it was on his birthday my uncle steven messaged me. He is like me with the signs. He is just not as clear as me i
see how science relates to our as we know it world and feel god and how he creates signs and how it makes sense in reality and out of reality that we
cannot put in words, just feel, remember glob as it is known in adventure time, the creators of the cartoon know what i talk about too, its funny how many cartoonist KNOW how the world really works and are endowed with
this gift, i was recently opened to this gift, if i knew it my whole life i couldnt contrast but it was always with me, i know. Back to my uncle steven the family weirdo as ive come to gather
from everyone, well mostly my dad only the jerk, ha, my uncle steven says  scotty is okay, hes good never heard my uncle steven ONCE bad talk him. He is
right my dad is a good guy just full or hate, anger, confusion, and hidden love. My dad needs to forgive himself, forgive his dad, forgive those he hurt
as i know he hurt people, a lot of people but he has been so badly hurt. My uncle steven has a sense of SIGNS, he follows them in his way, slightly
different from my perspective but he is a good guy and we need to be partners in this changing of the world, oh yeah the world is changing like it did
toothousand years ago, wont get heavy into the jesus thing right now but it will need to be talked about, the world is changing, i think jesus still
carries the sins of humans still to this day, everyday, growing, he does so without complaining and pure love for ALL, i will get back to this because
my prime consciousness is still figuring out the signs to better explain it to you, in our talk, i feel it but feelings cannot truly be said, described but they
go so deep into non understanding of our human minds in this dimension of consciousness. Before you nut bags out there start masturbating to my crazy
jesus talk remember your jesus drank wine, alcohol and i feel alcohol is the WORST thing to happen to mankind, but jesus did so responsibly and without
being gluttonous or over indulging, just because i dont agree with his alcohol use i dont judge as we have our own perspectives, each of us unique
like a fingerprint but i DONT disagree with him drinking, at the time it was probably necessary, did you know the only way to have clean water in that day
was alcohol as the hops in beer cleans water, prevented disease, he did what he needed to keep our consciousness growing, i love him, i love all humans,
all races. Another example i dont agree with a man must not lay with another man, jessicas dad is gay, has beed his whole life, came out when jess
was a kid, it was harder to come out back then but he was true to himself, jess is the product of a miracle, she is my miracle. Me personally love jess,
believe my cum shouldnt end up in a tissue, its so much better inside of jess, sorry had to go there, i love having sex with her. I dont have sex with her to
make a baby every time because America would end up like china overpopulated and having a communistic view on two children only because
now china is polluted, smog, people have to win the lottery to speak to get a drivers license when i believe like our founding fathers said, our rights
cannot be licensed, traveling is one. Think about it though today it needs to be because of drunk drivers and assholes on the road who drive to be
assholes, killing people like in the song by my favorite band brand newlimousine. Little katie flynn, her mom held her decapitated head on the long
island expressway after a funeral, FUCKING SICKENING US HUMANS SOMETIMES, but that wasnt because of jesus it wasnt because of god
entirely. You see god needs what I call glob or entropy, part of god like the evil part of us humans, i dont think god has an opinion on glob as god is
a force of a word i have no word but to make it simple for us humans reality. When i was 11 i saw the real reality that is deeper than you can
ever think, i dazed out on my dads couch out of nowhere, went into a Butterfly Effect moment, the movie with ashton kutcher, funny my daughters
name is mila like mila kunis not named after her as mila kunis, her real names is milena markovna kunis like ashton is not his real name either. Also
fuck you guys if you dont want to be in my book not ashton or milena as they seem chill as fuck but everyone else as i have freedom of fucking speech but
if i put a picture up someone wants me to take down i will because pictures are personal, they are your right to be put up or seen, what i right you
imagine in your head and put into your own perspective so i have every fucking right to write what i want and also another belief of mine is i have no right
to take a life from anyone even though i would live to kill the guy who killed my brother, even planned to, headed down to kill him and got a dwai as
i had .07% alcohol content, i drank for two weeks so i can eat because i stopped eating and didnt want to go to the e.r. And be diagnosed with a psych
issue because i was having one, but it went away for a while, alcohol solved my eating issue and i didnt die. Do you see i just contradicted myself with
driving drunk, jesus drinking alcohol as i hate alcohol??? Do you see it was necessary at the time, my perspective at the time, ive changed my view and mind
but at the time i thought that way and it was fine because i grew and understood it was wrong and i hope you forgive me, i wonder if katies parents
can ever forgive the drunk driver who survived who killed her daughter? I wonder if brand news lead singer Jesse Lacey forgives himself for jerking
off on camera to a girl, i dont think he needs to but i think he feels guilty about it, he shouldnt but at the time it happened, he was probably drunk dont
know and he is human, dam that guy jesse from what i see has one big fucking ego i love him, love his music and it is the beat of my soul, he grew up on
long island too like me but he needs to say  letting go of the ego when it starts, it will never go away but can be subdued for a a few minutes, that's
all it takes to get over a craving like food. Like you fat fucks who need you sugar fix, take a few minutes, eat something healthy and re-examine you
feelings. Everyone should talk to coach TYSON JAMES LEE, he created Tyfit, made millions, was a drug addict, was in jail, turned things around and like
me did so as he searched for TRUTH, he is also on my plane of existence. I want everyone out there to know im not better than you, he is not better
than you, im not better than CHarlie Sheen who thought he was better than everyone else, he was confused, now he knows it, he has AIDS, he was taken
down a notch with love and he is living a better life, he doesnt have money anymore, like 99% of us tired fucking humans, who are the 1%? Dont hurt
them please, dont burn down the society we built, we need it to survive, we need our vaccines so you son and daughters dont die, work, but dont work
too much, demand better pay, better working conditions, more time off because life is about the adventure we take with our families and friends if
we have no family, if you have neither I am here for you, just tell the universe you want to seek truth and look for the signs you lonely people out
there with no one, you will find me that way but only if you are responsible about it and dont Affect other people's reality too much, dont kill your
neighbors, fellow humans, yeah every now and then they need a good punch to the face like i did to my brother Jim when he put his hands on Jessica, which
is why he is in jail now for 90 days, well not jail but rehab for 30 days and nine months of halfway house, court ordered, meant to be. Also stop killing
cops and cops stop killing people and lay off black people and hispanics and you guys lay off white guys, do you know how many nationalities make up
white people and the grossly small number of whites who were slave owners, forgive those assholes and lets fucking love each other already. Yeah
we need our guns but we dont need to use them the world isnt there yet where we dont need guns, like when jesus spoke he was right to keep
procreating but today we dont need 10 fucking siblings, you know how much fucking money that would cost at christmas that i barely have, i can barley
pay my electric every month or have gas in my car, too many people. This brings me to my next point, would you take your door off at night and go to
sleep with your beautiful little daughter sleeping in your house without a gun in your house because you dont need one. NO YOU WOULD NOT, lay off
trump yeah he makes A LOT of mistakes but that is how he gets to a correct solution, he is our president for better or worse, he isnt even really in
charge its the people you dont know about, follow the money and you will find the 1% i promise, its not trump, well he is in there but he is not the bad
guy, the bad guys dont run for president, dont want to go viral like kanye west, they stay hidden in the shadows, out of sight out of mind, powerful, very,
very powerful. Also we do need a space force, there are good aliens out there many races the government knows about but then there are bad ones
who hurt humans, but remember, there is a good race that gave us some of their dna so we could evolve faster out of LOVE. Aliens are not all bad they
are like us, they have a few bad eggs in charge every now and then like cops for example. DO you know how many cops are fucking heros and there a few
slimeballs with egos as big as the statue of liberty. Let me name some good guys i know. There is john private number, he did bad things but did what he
had to do in his day, today that wouldnt be okay. There is Tyler Coleman of the Albany Police force i spent almost a whole day on a long distance
transport with him when i was working with Mohawk Ambulance in Albany, he was a rookie, I was the guy who has been there a while and he would
probably die in the line of duty before doing something bad that he needs to to survive for you, for you humans, when you are in that part of your life
where you regret later on, like when i drank and drove and im in a different mind set now, he would fucking die to keep you safe, a good cop, he would die
for a black man to keep him safe from a white guy, he doesnt give a shit about that dumb stuff he is a true hero a fucking GOOD GUY, weve seen the
videos of bad cops but they made mistakes and some paid the price some not but forgive them as they have trespassed against you, forgive them, they were
wrong and if they believe it or not you are better than those pigs, Tyler Coleman is not a PIG he is a fucking HERO like his dad on the force, WOULD
DIE FOR YOUR SINS, a shadow of jesus, someone you will never know about, everyone knows JESUS CHRIST no one KNOWS Tyler Coleman or his brother
Adam who is an EMT, they are like you the man or woman who helped out that person stuck in a snow ditch who will never know your name, who you
will never read about, who they might even forget until it comes up in a story years down the line but we do so because we are all connected and love
each other. Someones car died once in the freezing cold turning from Rt. 146 in Galway N.y. onto RT 29 towords broadalbin NY in front of stewarts, the
driver got out and started pushing by himself. Me and another guy without talking just parked on the side jumped out and helped him push the car into
the parking lot of stewarts didnt say anything got in our cars and went on out way, like a fucking boss like coach ty of tyfit, that guy who got out i
will never know his name, dont really know what he looks like just he was about thirty and i can still feel his life force, energy, good Vibes good
will whatever you want to call it because there is no human words for it except we are all connected and i still feel him in my journey, i love him and
i dont know him. Just know i will still make mistakes, not know the exact correct information, my perspective might differ from you, i might trespass against
you ( never in a bad way i love everyone so maybe like by accident bump into you while walking in public and spill your coffee like a big fucking asshole,
ha, ha) but please forgive me as im on this journey with you. You know who im listening to right now childish gambino he is so fucking smart i love him
but i dont love his thought about this is america and we kill, yeah im sure the government or the people in the shadows will kill you to keep power (
I think the Golub family of price chopper in Schenectady NY are part of them) and you will kill to protect your family, yeah, im okay with that, like i said i
would NEVER kill but if you are coming at my kid with a knife to kill him I will light your ass up happily and then have fucking nightmares about it for
the rest of my fucking life, there will always be those people so keep a lock on your door to your house but host parties regularly, hug a stranger of a
different race, give that guy a dollar who you know can work but doesn't want to, just don't give him your debit card idiot, dont be an idiot, think
about it first but always protect your family, our consciousness, we are all connected but we are not exactly connected with those bad aliens, we need
to protect our consciousness in this universe, HAVE TO, thats what JESUS has done thus far. I know i have more of a rant but I can't think of what i want
to say so back to what I was getting at. HOLY SHIT just went went to add the price chopper thing, here is the sign shit i talk about, the people who started Price Chopper are the Golubs i
believe it is spelt, just watched Adventure time today where he always says Oh my glob when bad things happen, episode come along with me, season 10 I
think? I dont know but the end of the world isn't caused by the war it is the GLOB what I call entropy, the GOLUBS of price chopper, the kids email
MURDAH4LIFE of whatever the fuck it is up there i put it, im not making any of this shit up this is on paper (computer) the signs i talk about, how my
brain works, how my journeys have meaning and sometimes i dont understand it at the time but it eventually makes sense. THIS IS ONE OF THEM, HOLY
FUCKING SHIT MY MIND IS BLOWN.) I SWEAR ON MY CHILDRENS LIVES I DIDNT MAKE THIS UP JUST NOW ABOUT GLOB ENTROPY AS I USED TO KNOW IT BY. IM KIND OF SCARED RIGHT NOW.

20190125
Im still breathing, This force within my control and out of my control is still allowing me to breath, for that im grateful. I might have skipped
some events but seems the events in my life and proximity to one another are increasing in magnitude, what does it all mean? I follow the signs.
Thomas Gorman, who i went to fashion week with, the family that helped me have a fun childhood as a kid, contacted me. Thomas and I always
said our dream was to buy Bellport st and build a huge resort, hotel or condos and we would own one at the top, the penthouse and this way we
generate revenue and live close like the family we are, the family none of us had, like Matt Clark, Matt Zerafa, The Churras (they had the family dynamic
but still), Casey Sheehan, Samantha Stinsman, maybe sarah but she is fake as fuck, John Reese, Amy Cullen, Kristy, MooMoo Amanda (She should of been
first on my list) little Anner, our FAMILY, that is my FAMILY i grew up with them and want to provide for them but its a daunting slow process so I keep
trying to hit it big, legally, I will not make my money from drugs or something that will hurt another human like opiates, the Sacklers, hurt my
brother indirectly, because in the end your actions will affect the future in some way your small mind cannot yet see, but i imagine scenarios,
possibilities. So this happened and only happened because of my process of reprogramming my prime consciousness (sub-conscious as you call it) with
the WISDOM OF THE CROWD LOGIC X HOLM-BONFERRONI METHOD X COMPARE/CONTRAST/COMBINE PROCEDURE/THEORY WHATEVER YOU WANT TO LABEL ITS APPLICATION OF USE.
tHOMAS CONTACTED ME, tHOMAS WAS JOHNATHANS BEST FRIEND GROWING UP. He told me someone is basically buying up Bellport and doing
what we wanted. I looked into the matter. The CREST GROUP LLC in port jefferson station is the company doing this, the guy, Enrico Scarda. I did my
thing I sent him a text an email and social media message at the same time to show him I am connected and can help him. I pleaded my case told him it was
my childhood dream of building a hotel on Bellport st. He got back to me and said it was his childhood dream too, GREAT! Im in im secure. A rich
mentor to help me so I can help others I thought, it only made sense if this was his childhood dream too. He said he needs about 20 people to come down
to the town for the vote to get this rolling. I thought it was all good intentions. For some reason He didnt want to hire me to come there to rally
up enough people, Sorry, I know it sounds like because he has money kind of thing but think about it, if you are making this EXPENSIVE purchase in the
most EXPENSIVE place in the world you could pay a guy who is mirroring your journey to come make this happen, wouldnt you, I would. He had no
interest in paying me to come down there to help and that's when things just got confusing. I would of taken a few hundred, this guy probably is in the
billions so why so cheap, what are his real intentions. If it was to make money building a resort within an already expensive resort doesnt sound
like a money growth opportunity, more like a equalizing, self sustaining plan. So now im confused and I dont like to be confused so I asked him where
he grew up as he implied he was from this area and this was his childhood dream too, never answered, fucking weird, i have my assumptions as right now
president trump is trying to build a wall which will probably cut off avenues of travel for activities. I looked into where he worked before this
and he worked for the Matrix Group LLC in TEXAS, in texas? What is he doing here. Maybe the CREST group is a good bunch of people with one rotten egg,
just a hunch but nothing concrete but just doesn't make sense, he also went as far as to donate to the ambulance corp, that's where I became an EMT at
South Country Ambulance, hes so generous but can't hire me to help him get 20 votes? Doesn't make any sense, Mr. Scarda is not a person like me so what
are his real intentions? Maybe it's all nothing but Occam's razor right? I messaged Greg Miglino of South Country Ambulance and asked him what he
thought, he said it is purely business and if not this then it is zoned for industrial, so better this than that? Greg is a good guy, has an ego but A
really good guy, his sister had a bad accident so he feels how feel about losing my brother, we have feelings in common, he doesnt know anything
other than it being a nice gesture. I have to let it go because I am just a poor home-almost-owner with more bills than
green bills so I have no voice in this, I hope it is just my imagination but something doesnt seem right I continue on my
journey. Also I contacted Terrance Smalling who owned the house I grew up in, closest thing to a mentor, he never heard of
him and has been in patchogue/bellport real estate for around 30 years.
20190125
Didn't want to really put this in the book but i had to do something that was gut wrenching, something I did not want to do but had to, had no
other choice, glub was right there with me, but i did it for my kid, theo, Jake Lacagnina, I think that's how his last name is spelt, works at the schenectady
Fire Dept. as a Paramedic, he said he would do this if it came down to it for his kid and so would I, so did I, nothing will stop me from seeing my son,
NOTHINGGGGGGGGGGGG!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! BUT DOES IT GET IT ? NO, UNLESS YOU GIVE UP A LOT FOR WHAT YOU WANT, THE
TO WORK SO FUCKING HARD TO GET WHAT IT WANTS, SO NOT ALWAYS BUT SOMETIMES IF IT WORKS HARD ENOUGH AND EVEN THEN THERE IS NO GUARANTEE, THINK ABOUT HOW THAT FEELS TO
GIVE UP EVERYTHING, GIVE IT ALL FOR A CHANCE, THAT'S OUR HEART FOLKS... TODAY GLOB HAD ME ALL DAY, MY UNCLE CALLS THEM DEMONS, YOU HAVE
YOUR OWN WORD FOR EVIL, WHICH IS LITERALLY LIVE BACKWARDS, MEANING YOU ARE LIVING THE WRONG WAY. JESUS CHRIST, JESUS IS 5
LETTERS CHRIST IS 6 AND 7 IS GOD AND GLOB, 2:1 GLOB IS MORE ABUNDANT THAN LOVE BUT LOVE IS BIGGER AND MORE POWERFUL, IT FUCKING MAKES SENSE NOW, AND NOW I KNOW THEIR REAL NAMES. I dont
need to make a choice because i know some of the things you do are right and mostly wrong but needed in order for peace to remain, i will not take any action right now and neither should you, as far as im concerned i just want
to fucking paint love my kids, go to school, keep my family safe, i'm not a threat but i am strong of heart and care only for love but know you cannot
just have love because that doesn't work in this reality, as explained, if you destroy love Glob doesn't work either so there needs to be a balance. Lets
keep going so we both survive, i love you big brother and forgive you for anything you did (johnathan, the sacklers) and anything you WILL do to me
because I know you won't let me go but I love you too just don't trespass against me please i love my family and god won't have it. The signs or
whatever you call it has taken you here keep following them like me but now is not the TIME.
Theo I love you so much! you have no idea the amount of love i feel for you son, if there is a way i will find it and be by your side
mila ross know that you are not dumb you are very very smart and if the world was a fairytale we would of had a beautiful life as daughter and dad, I love you sweetheart!..

20201016
I found a safe place to type, in creator mode. Ellie Bevin is staying with me but im learning a lot. life is a big learning experience it seems but i need my health 
to be in check to keep going and im in charge of that as I keep forgetting. Situations seem different from time to time and im trying to find some type of stability
people and situations change. What reamains the same? last night was incredible in my sleep or something i saw what i interpret it to be as Ellie Bevins spirit 
coming back frim the dead and it was so beautiful i woke up crying and continued to tear up it was so beautiful. I didnt even see it, I saw it how you would imagine 
a feeling to be but there was no image for what I saw and it felt like life again. i was tricked, into taking in all the bad from the evil to transmute to good and happy love
I still need to think about this but its such an odd situation. I also now have what she calls gilgamesh trapped in meaning forever. so strange as i do not go out looking for these 
things, they find me...what does that mean? i miss my kids so much, ITISSO.

20201017
Todays kind of a bummer, Ellie Bevin Richardson left last night after her kids father and me got into a fight over facechat, she left last night but shes doing this for her 
kids which i get. Kyle is a real peice of shit human. today she came for her stuff, well kyle and his brothers did, he wasnt dumb enough to drive here as i had the police 
waiting since he has a drivers license. A few of her belongings i held onto they asked for back so I drove there to give it to her where i was confronted by a few
guys and the gas station worker. kyle wouldnt let her get it so i didnt give it to them and it went on....kyle came out and jumped kicked me from the side I  didnt see him
i moved a few steps caught myself and was ready to knock the remaining few teeth he has out of his mouth as he ran like a scared little bitch. I didnt think and I threw 
Bevins piggy bank at his face and just missed but her piggy bank her mom made her broke, for that i feel bad. His three friends started walking foward so I stopped advancing. 
I went to call the police and they all ran. The police said come to the station to file a report. When I got there the cop at my house earlier when kyle picked up her stuff
said "I was asking for trouble by going there", he refused to take the report as I yelled "why do the criminals get away with crimes and the good guys get fucked over", while 
he walked baxk inside. The cops to this date has not done anything to help me and after all the interactions with them i know of maybe four good hearted ones i could feel, the 
others, who knows, I hate to say this because there are really good cops but most of the time the police are useless. We need law and order but just my observation based on 
percentage of good outcomes, the police are useless but still needed... whatever that means. I didnt miss Ellie Bevin when she got back but then she stayed with me ans I miss
her now and i remember how much I love her, I think she is my soulmate, where the fuck is GOD! he is real but where the fuck is he? why must I go through so much torment, yet, I
trust Gods plan because I know no matter what there is more after life and God loves me as much as I love God but right now I need a miricle, I've made so much happen now please
bring me a miricle, please! I miss my Bevin, my kids, my health, the open road, adventure and feeling, ITISSO.

20201020
Todays date seemed cool so I wanted to log that but today wasn't so cool. Myabe I have something to say or write type.
I saw today Jesenia is pregnant and i liked the photo, didnt love it, liked it, what is wrong with me to be that guy.
I feel like im being used you know? I feel I am being helped too but my health isnt amazing right now, I miss
Ellie Bevin, my mom is still poor without options and it seems its always the same food with a new fancy wrapper, same
food, what shall I do? i've always done something, to not seems unatural, my heart will be on the phone all night trying to 
reach the ones we love, I hope someone picks up.

20201021
still going at scottbot, its really cool but the ai part is fuzzy because the neuron in code form can be many ways.
so something cool happened, I really believe it. i was listening to a song it kept say "i need a miricle". I thought
what is a miracle and I got a sign about a sentence I put into the bot dictionary to remove it and heard a metal bang
and thought wrench drop and the music paused. I thought you know what if thats a sign, maybe it was more than that, 
what if it was a miricle. It makes sense to me like this, you only need a miricle if the situation is occuring so 
what if a miricle is preventing the herendous situation from occuring and is the real miricle? would you recognize it 
as a miricle then since it prevented you from begging for a miricle in the first place. Then you think well then 
its not a miricle because you need the situation to have the miricle but thats not true. If i took away the 
miricle preventing the need for a miricle then you would go through that event and need a miricle and it would 
probably be a bigger solution later on than getting that miricle preventing you from needing a miricle. just a 
thought and a brain loopy loop, new thought, I miss that love feeling i had with ellie bevin and the shitty part
is i stopped caring for her it went away and she brought it back into my life, the love feeling and "normalcy",
whatever that is for me. I want my ellie bevin, we are all free but ellie bevin is mine because i know she loves
me and we need eachother, how i see it right now. I then feel shitty because after this thought i think of my kids 
and think how much they must miss me while i miss this girl but I miss a lot of things and people and its a 
different type of love it seems between those two situations, i guess importance is why i thought if them after her
because its of the same importance but different love.

20201027
As I was drifting off to sleep I remembered something I want to write down. I believe it was fourth grade and
I had a teacher and just now i think i remembered his name, Mr. Kirk, my math teacher. He was so mean to me
because I never did my homework and got bad grades and I got so sick of him being mean to me I did all my
homework and got good test scores and went from an F to an A in the next report card. He was so proud he shared
it with the class, well he asked me if he could I said no meaning yes go ahead and he took it as no and didnt
share but he was so happy like a miricle happened. After that tho I got F's, I did it to shut him up but I gained
more out of it than I knew. I see that I've always been smart and have just been called dumb because of my happy
demeanor on life and carelessness of my movements through life, like a feather in the wind, gracefully falling and
waiting on a breeze to dance once more.

A RAP:::::::AHHH get your attention? I can be mean i am nice im my own type of spice. a flavor, scent, a sweet and sour
that you have yet to know. thats the thing ive been dead inside for thousands of years, trying to 
remember who i am, ive been kept down by the clowns that are mostly in spirit world now. locked up
waiting for thier turn, only, its been my turn for far too long, they slipped up and im back
where I belong... its sick what the world has come to be but i suppose i understand the bad and the 
good too, so no im not mad, i dont hate, to do that my energy and time i would lactate, letting 
those little bitches suckle, im my world there is no hell only the one you create for youself, they made 
good look like bad by keeping you unwell and frankly thats been the true hell, your drunk asses infested
with parasites and worms and you dont even know how everything really works, calling eachother jerks
when thats not the truth, going to take maybe a generation to fix the inflamattion of this nation,
know inflamattion is the cause of almost every disease, do you even have to die? everything you know
has been a lie. why do i try? because I love you, we are all in our own worlds but we share the same space,
each different aspects of face, one universal race. keep thinking the differences tear us apart, its the 
vast contrast that makes us so smart, but lets not forget i am you and you are me so lets all start living better
and not killing or torturing eachother indefinetly, like its been, the tru sin is how everthing has been.

20201111
i just got a sign, that what i write i can create or manifestI wanted to write to get this out and 
update the weight of my situation be what i want it to be. I need more money, not out of greed out of
necessity. Not eveyone can handle a lot of money but if I need a lot more than I have now so I dont have to
worry about my car needing repairs so I can go see my Kids, I miss them so much. This isnt right how life is,
this I know! I dont want to wait for it to be manifested slowly over time, I want money to stay busy NOWWWW!
I want to be in my kids lives, I want to be there for that one human who is so down they want to die and I
can spark that light within them, I know how to and Ive seen what it can do from the perspective of my
spiritual self in spirit world, ive seen Ellie Bevin come back, it was one of the most beautiful things
ive ever seen. Theres a girl I went to high school with Anita Cepeda and as soon as I started talking to her
i felt a quick sharp pain, like I took her pain from her and then all of a sudden she started going rampent
with posting GOD posts on social media how God is real and good, I can deny the signs anymore, I cannot deny
as well the other side of the the consciousness opressing me with hate, i choose to ignore it but when the 
ground beneath your feet, where you live, is hot coal, it gets hard to ignore and its time to do something
about it, you put out the coalfire by sending it below to cool off, self needs aa miracle, NOW, O'ITISSO!!! 

**************************just to make sure i always have this somewhere
MEDITATE TO FEEL THE UNIVERSE AGAIN

1.) I have found my meditation to be unique to me as I feel what I do and go
with what feels right. Your sense of smell is extremely powerful. When
you smell something you are smelling a particle and a frequency at the
same time, thats what makes up a smell. Did you know humans are the
only known creatures that can feel music, feel the beat? We use music in
the most complex way than any animal in existence. So by combining a
familiar smell with a familiar song you can say you have the worlds most
complex key. What does that mean? Have you ever smelled something
and it brought you back to a time in your childhood or a particular
memory? Well thats because your brain uses sound and smell to activate
multiple parts of your brain in a sequence that is unique to the memory
you associate with it, so when you hear an old song or smell something
you havent smelt in ages it brings you back or you remember all the
words and get a certain feeling. This is what I call the Universal Key
Combination. We are going to use this to create your unique meditation
experience as we are all slightly unique in our own way but all connected
at the same time too.

2.) I found a certain incense I use Nag Champa and a particular
song/frequency. For me and I think this should apply to everyone a song
without words or many words are best for this as you dont want to
analyze lyrics while you try to connect to the universe and become one. I
listen to a song on youtube I found called Instant Third Eye
Stimulation-M1 by Transcending Vibrations. Ive meditated many different
ways before finding my sweet spot that I practice now. Now you need to
be in a place where you know even if the world around you is burning and
falling apart it wont concern you, you are dedicating lets say 20 minutes
to meditating so let it be know you are not to be bothered when its time to
meditate, this will help relieve some subconscious or as I call it Prime
Conscious anxiety.

3.) Now that you have your spot and everything else set up you want to make
sure you are comfortable in what you are wearing, make sure your socks
are off. Get a nice padded cushion or sit on a bed whatever is comfortable
as you will cross your legs. I put my left foot on top of my right calf also
resting on my right thigh.

4.) Now I make sure the fingers on my right and left hand are touching. I
make a praying position leaving a some space between my palms. I do
this as I feel it completes the circuit of the body, when I want to be one.
You can also rest you arms on your legs with the palms facing up, find
what works for you.

5.) Before going into this I need you to know something. Your intentions, yes,
intentions, like if you intend to go for a run later, intend on completing that
five year plan. Your intentions are a real living and breathing force within
you that help set up your timeline to life, you will need to discover your
intentions at some point. Dont worry about this right away. Meditation is
mainly to be at peace because our brains are never really at peace,
overstimulation during the day and repair and dream craziness at night,
you need to give your brain, your soul a break, a way for it to connect
back to the universe. Think of it as a family reunion for a short period of
time, after all where do you think you were before you were born? Where
do you think you are going when you die? You can feel those answers
during meditation eventually with practice.

6.) Close your eyes and focus on your breath. You need to use your
imagination, picture it. See your breath going in your nose. Follow your
breath down your long windpipe to your two lungs. See your breath split
as it goes to you right lung and to your left lung. Watch your breath for a
few seconds do circles and loops and symmetrical movements inside
your lungs.

7.) Now picture that breath still doing those movements back up your long
long windpipe and out of your nose into the air around you. Do this a few
times. You will eventually know when you have entered into your
meditation space. Remember the smell, the sound and your imagination
are the components to the Universal Key Combination to your personal
Meditation space, only you have the key to get in and when your in you
can connect to whomever, wherever, whenever you want because
remember this is YOUR universe, you are a creator.

8.) In this space this is what I do, you can develop your own sequence of
events or whatever you want because you are free in your meditation
space. You can just sit in there and hear what nothing sounds like or you
can work on you Prime consciousness, I sometimes try to reconfigure
how I think in this space for a more positive outcome as everything we
perceive in this world you dont actually see first your Prime
consciousness does and then you or your Known Consciousness does.
Thats why sometimes we dont know why we are sad or why we feel
certain ways or think its cool when you know you have to be up at six am
and your brain wakes you up a few minutes before. This is because we
choose when we want to start living in the known consciousness and its
not always easy but every single person can do it, you just have to want
to, your intentions have to be set on taking control of your life and
knowing whats going on around you. The word understanding has many
meanings and also just one meaning, if you embark on a quest for
knowing you will want to learn about understanding, its god like.

9.) In this space I try to picture the word LOVE first, but instead of using my
inside my head voice to picture it i feel it into existence. We have the
ability to communicate with feelings not just words by sound. People do it
all the time and dont really realize it. I realized this years ago when I was
walking on the sidewalk down a busy street I saw a girl ahead of me in a
skirt. I was walking on a busy road in Albany N.Y. there were cars moving
around 30mph and one car far behind her i notice a guy stick his head out
of the window and I could feel his gaze upon this girl in the skirt and what
I saw astonished me. Without any other stimulus the quickly turned
around pushing her skirt down as if she was being violated somehow.
She never saw the guy looking out of his window but she felt the intent,
the direct and palpable gaze of the onlooker and it was then I knew
without a doubt that out feelings, our emotions can communicate with one
another. Thats how you can feel sometimes when something isnt right
with someone or something isnt right in a public situation or a family
member over a long distance. Because we are all connected and we are
full of think feelings as I like to call them.

10.) So I picture the letters of the word LOVE without using my inside my
head voice. I then proceed to feel what love is to me. Its hard just to do
so I picture myself giving my kid a hug and it brings me to the feeling of
love 

11.) Next I picture the word Happiness and do the same thing try to feel
what that word is to me, if I cant I envision a something or a time I am
happy. By doing this you start to really Understand your emotions, what
they are and what it is those words really mean to you.

12.) Next is the word Gratitude. I only recently added this word after
reading Dr. Emoto's book on his water research, please read if you get
the chance. Envision then feel this word, this one I think of what im
grateful for in that day. So if I drove to the store, the cashier was nice. I
got home my kid smiles or whatever I feel the gratitude for living in a time
where I can drive a car to a store instead of walking, I feel the gratitude of
the cashier who was nice to me as she is a human being like me, I feel
the gratitude that I have eyes so I can see the beautiful smile on my kids
face. Its the little things that I feel gratitude for as these are things we
forget about or take for granted until we no longer have them.

13.) Last I envision Understanding as that one word has changed my life, I
feel it and think of one thing i understood or learned today, this one for me
is a short one but its something i can never forget.

14.) After that I am almost like a kid in a playground who can do whatever
he wants and this is where I usually become one with the universe or
align myself with the universe and positively reinforce some things I might
not feel so positive about and I reflect on myself from almost a third party
perspective. Here is where I have my family reunion, I talk to my Prime
Consciousness and fix the things I need to fix in my life, slowly I get there.

15.) Finally when my song comes to an end around twenty minutes I bow
my head towards my hands and stop my head abruptly, I call this a
Quantum Bump, think about it a force in motion is in motion until acted
upon. The intentions in my head I put them in motion and almost throw
them by abruptly stopping my head towards my hands. Now that small
space I left between my palms catches those forward moving intentions I
threw from my head. I move my hands together above my head and open
them keeping my the base of my hands together still forming almost a Y
with my hands releasing my intentions into the universe and after I watch
my intentions inside my head float above me i close my hands grabbing
back intentions from the universe and bring my hands closed back down
and push those intentions into my chest nicely, it will feel warm. Then I
take a breath and open my eyes. That last part might sound a little weird
but in my meditation playground I saw a man i think he looked like he was
in a robe and he showed me this without words. The last part with putting
intentions from the universe I just felt like it was right so I do it but the part
about the Quantum bump and releasing intentions into the universe I saw
him do. It felt very real as I never really see full people in my space, Just
putting it out there I always see a wolf. I dont know what it all is or means
but I know what it feels, happy meditating, love you.

20201118
here I am, alive and typing, this is good. I went to court yesterday and was annnoyed and 
nervous i might go to jail for not getting rid of my ducks, a city code violation that
apprently is a criminal case, so yeasterday I had a criminal trial. It was very interesting.
At first i got called up to see if i took a plea deal and I kind of lost it on the judge
getting angry, not angry as much as I was aggressive in speach, i say its confidence but 
i was told by the court officers its not okay and i need to stop, right now! so i did.
so I got there at 8am and had to wait till 10 for my trial, I was thinking of something 
funny to say like "im not a duck professional, but i'm not a quack either!", yeah,
I didnt say that. I thought about everything i wanted to say, i didnt really come prepared.
When it came time for the trial I cross examined the witness, animal control guy, he said 
he went in the backard which I know he didnt so I asked "whats the color of the fence?".
He did not know and after that I told the judge reasonable doubt, they looked impressed,
i let my guard down now a little. Upon closing arguments I raised the argument that a farm animal
is an animal that produces food for consumption and usually is run by a buisness, pets are
not farm animals. So, I have to wait up to 90 days for the results of the case.....we will see.

20201125
so I thought of something, i set up a "show" lets call it to explain to people the universe
and God in simplicity, a very bare bones display so they would understand. So I had a thought,
once I saw a thought and it looked like a shaped line I called it a Whole Thought Feeling. Now as 
we go through the universe to other universes things change but in which way? I think 
it goes from being a shaped line to an object like a stuffed dinosaur animal with dimension and 
depth.

20201224
It is seven minutes till midnight or christma. Im in New Jersey at the shore staying at jesses 
motel she works at. So i am right by the water and the wind is pounding! Its nuts and loud. I also
need to get this off my chest. My theory on whats really going on is what im trying to put out here.
First I think computers alone ar aliens  eih all the tech its hard not to call it all aliendntech.
ever since i moved into the house I live in now there has been a ghostly water leak it still persists 
today and helped me think about something that may be going on in out=r times. I believe we are all connected 
to source but we cant see the "tube" that flows from us but I can sometimes i can even see earths magnetic field
which just looks like gas clouds all arooud you. well I think in our human evolution we still have a long way to go
and technology isnt the say all finish all. I believe we are all being taken advantage of by our galatic families 
by them harnessing our energy through these invisible "tubes", im almost certain of it. We should be able to live for hundreds
of years but we dont and that is because we are always being stip away of everything we posses, slowly so we dont
reallize the fucked up shit actually. Cavemen couldnt imagine today and we wouldnt be able to grasp the equivelant of
the future as its not just technology that will set us apart. iove you and Merry CHristmas <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 

















